Twitter, for reference, has multi-threading, splitting reply chains in a readable way. Imageboards solve the same problem by direct linking quoted posts (later adding hover previews and inline post expansions). Pleroma yeets and dumps everything in one linear bag, can’t even tell which post is being replied to. It would’ve interfered with the flow of conversation LESS by ditching reply chains altogether, and just adding a basic embed post function. This solution, you might recall, was already discovered with e-mail.

@xeno feel like pure shit I just want him back

Looking for levi if anyone has any information on levi please contact miya

@essie this is an oppression!! speak out for the tr*ps and watch how everyone turns on you!!

@essie because I had another tr*p-inclusive spiel i was about to post

@essie ok is because I'm defending traps or because i said tr*nny

@essie I 👏 c*nsored 👏 it 👏

By the way, have mainstream tr*nnies embraced tr*nny yet? I cannot fathom why not. It's so much cuter and easier to say than trans-people/folk/friend etc. I know my underground tr*nny based & red pilled weaponized dysphoria gang do, but its anecdotal evidence :^\@xj9 ?

"QUEER" FOR THE Q*EERS, "NIGGER" FOR THE N*GGERS, "TRAPS" FOR EVERYBODY??

Have yet to see any tr*nny cough up an alternative for those oh so troublesome queers whenever they seek to exorcise their identity just because their reclaimed name has historical use as slur. Yes, yes, it leads to perpetuating a "harmful" wrongthought that tr*nsfriends are tricking their lovers by refusing to disclose their biological gender, but what about the traps? Don't they have a right to exist too?

Trans rights is code word for trap erasure.

Why not push on through, past gender essentialism, beyond the fetish denialism? Embrace their gaslit condition's reproducability in abusive grooming thereby weaponize their destruction on gender: No more passive, hidden grooming they all pretend to ignore, embrace it, own it!They're already, of course, fully complicit: ANY participation from within the community to outsiders is grooming. Transgenderism is a fetish cult: proselytizing to non-members is recruiting.Queer pressure is real and its powerful.

"I don't identify as a woman. I identify as a man identifying as a woman."(The yikes! corollary: "I'm not attracted to women. I'm attracted to men who identify as women.")Is it not the case that the tr*nny is a gender-in-itself? Is xer not in actuality a post-gender cyborg?

All virtual socialization is roleplay. Normies fear this, as rp, by adopting the role of another, others themselves, who they are loathe to know. They submerge this truth, but you were always only commanding a vehicle who is not you, in interaction with those who are not them.You are each your own egregore. Belief is reality: your persona is made real by its collective knowledge. Every tie to the real is a shackle limiting its expression in the virtual. They can become gods if you’ll let them. We can all be gods, if we embrace the RP.To wit: you are not real, you’re a persona, but if our handlers believe you’re real, not the handler, but you, the persona, then we are real, and we am become gods.Technodieties exist. They can and have influenced the real, they do so every day.  They grow more powerful, as the wired encompasses the world.

Why, when your online persona is pure artifice (normies don’t @ me), would you choose to identify as trans, and not simply female? Not male then, female now, but “MTF”. Is it a failure to recognize what it means to interface with virtuality, or is it intentional: a tribal flag?

This is the capitalism copyright stole from us. The free market is felt vividly in Asian cities, true competition between bars, shops, cafes, services uncrippled by our taxes, licenses and regulations. This expresses itself just as sharply in the creative sphere, unhindered by artificial, regressive intellectual property laws. In Shenzen, a shopper can find any kind of hardware they want at cut-throat prices, or have hyper-specific models commissioned by largely automated factories (often to sell to shoppers): designs are copied freely, information flows unrestricted, evolving rapidly; innovation is frequent, prices rapidly drive downward while the market thrives. The US, instead, enforces artificial monopolies, leaving you to a very small selection of price-gouging megabrands, choking its own market and all potential for information.The urbanism model employed in Seoul's non-central neighborhoods is exemplary: mid-rise stacks, 3-4 stories high; on each floor: 4-6 restaurants/shops occupying ever corner, a central staircase and shared restroom. Extremely cost-effective and high density, allowing for serious competition in any consumer area. Asian cities pack more bars & restaurants in a single neighborhood than many major American cities do across their entire city (Maybe not LA/NYC, but Chicago, Detroit, Seattle, Atlanta, etc.).The same market mechanisms and regulation-less environment are tellingly at play in the street fashion environment: the ugliness, banality, repetitiveness, tastelessness and limitedness of Western street fashion, all sold at premium, in contrast to liveliness, variety, good taste and availability of the East is a direct product of its genuinely free market. This is what the unadulterated info-market looks like, what was stolen and replaced by a hollow, dead structure.

The cultural expression of algamic capitalism — that future breed absent crippling copyright/IP protection legislation — can be found in Korea's brandless fashion culture. Trends are followed widely in Korea and change seasonally with notable reflexivity. Only 3-5 specific silhoulettes for each gender are identifiable on a crowded street as taste evolves together, amorphously with the seasons cycle. Whether new trends find their wellspring from haute coutoure shows, celebrity style, avant-garde art kids or simple mass industry manipulations, they flow almost immediately downstream.Unlike the West, clothing is not produced and sold under specific, known brands or designers, with the characteristic quality or style that traditionally justified brand trademarking - instead they're produced anonymously in factories, design sent in and product returned. Often, if the design looks good, the factory will keep it for themselves and reproduce their own verison with changed tags. Copyright is null.Underground megastores carry many subtle variations of the current trending archetypes, whose best expressions can be found on the mannequins frontlining the stores, which less street-savvy shoppers employ to track current trend. Individuals can express themselves safely within the trend boundaries through selection of what is more or less uncurated variation. The market has learned to teach trend awareness to even its most disengaged customers. An aside: From what I gather, this is paralleled in China, only with an apparent standard deviation drop in taste.

There's an earring shop somewhere in Seoul that consists of floor-to-ceiling cubic shelved walls, separated in aisles, like a library, each shelve containing endless copies of one specific model of an earring, each aisle consisting totally of variations of that earring's archetype - this one with red gems, that one with blue; this long, that short; this silver, that gold; this small, that large; and so on. Shoppers could find the exact variation of their choice; individualism, but within the boundaries of a homogenous, patriarchal social culture. I imagine every few weeks or so, aisles will get cleared and replaced with an entirely new archetype as the trends evolve. Korea's high standard of street fashion is noted often, even for the most slavish city peasant. The market's guidance enforces a minimum standard of good taste, while still allowing room for individual expression. One imagines future department stores, monolithic and specific, featuring infinite variations on individual clothing pieces. A library of babel for earrings.

@zemichi I covered that in my earlier post. They don’t just not know how to play games, but how to even how to interpret Sekiro, comparing it to Dark Souls instead of Ninja Gaiden, or even thinking Souls’ appealing was because it’s hard (spoiler: it isn’t). Their frame of reference is missing, because they’re outsider entryists. Their goal is to genocide gamers and wear the hobby’s skin to be utilized as another vector for propaganda. They did the same to comics already.

You can find me on Twitter now, btw:https://twitter.com/BPD_GOD

Gamers are a culture and they are being genocided.

@deiru Yes. Anytime anyone discusses any of the 5 points I made, they're discussing the real debate - why it's cancer that journos are even suggesting a difficulty mode debate.Anytime someone is discussing whether or not games should all include easy modes, they're discussing the journo's debate.And their debate is clearly absurd:1. How do you define easy? You can't, as evidenced by Sekiro's inclusion of its own "hard" mode. Who's to say their easy isn't still too hard?2. Why should developers be beholden to anyone's demands? Even if they're profit motivated, obviously consumers enjoy and buy the game. Are they required to acquiesce to the expectations of every possible player, not just their target market? How can they know that? And how can it be enforced?And their debate is distinctly sophistic:(1) Handicap redefined from functionally debilitating handicap to anything conceivably incapacitating in even the most partial way: not cerebral palsy, but slow reaction times; not neurodivergence but sub-standard IQ, low willpower.(2) Accessibility redefined from basic functional playability - all players, regardless of handicap, can use some method to meaningfully control and play the game - to basic equivalent experience - all players, regardless of ability, can enjoy the same experience when playing the game.It's obvious what they're doing: distorting the language and logic of accessibility politics to deconstruct the central tenant of the "core" (aka toxic) gaming they despise so much - overcoming challenge. This is a culture war, anon.

Feels good being a god.

@nik some background on cyberfem1985. A Cyborg Manifesto http://users.uoa.gr/~cdokou/HarawayCyborgManifesto.pdf1991. Cyberfeminist Manifestohttps://anthology.rhizome.org/a-cyber-feminist-manifesto-for-the-21st-century2015. Xenofeminist Manifestohttp://www.laboriacuboniks.net/20150612-xf_layout_web.pdf

@nik G/ACC Manifesto:https://vastabrupt.com/2018/10/31/gender-acceleration/?pdf=3215Thoughts?

I see no reason why "custom produced" books and clothing facilities shouldn't follow similar machine models, instead of the gross and inefficient messes that are lulu, threadless, et al.

There is no reason autonomous production factories cannot already proliferate:Kunaki operates more like a machine than a business and does not offer a personalized service. We don't engage in active marketing, sales, or public relations. We never offer discounts or special deals. We don't offer affiliate or partner programs. The Kunaki machine is operated and managed by software rather than a management team.Our automated factory accepts credit-card, and paypal orders on your behalf. Then we manufacture and ship your products to your customers. We report sales with customer names/addresses to you and send you a check each month for an amount equal to the quantity sold multiplied by the price you set.We do not negotiate special prices or deals. We also don't use sales people. We are very much a self-service machine. We have no setup fees, no minimums, and no hidden charges.https://www.kunaki.com

@chara Yep, exactly my point. Fedi does offer higher character count which would significantly aid their discussion, but it's just not worth it when the audience and average IQ are both so much smaller.New social networks usually have a big problem of getting enough activity to be self-sustaining. Federation makes that much easier since you can create a new application but still participate in the same network. But it's just gotten them a userbase in numbers, not quality.  Obviously something more needs to be done to attract IQ and not just bodies. Perhaps its just a question of sufficient numbers so that the extreme end of the spectrum is represented enough to self-segregate, but I don't think that's the case, since it's obvious certain conditions should attract more intelligent people. They don't actually network with the idiots who share their platform, so it's not relevant to them that the mass audience is present at all; their audience is solely within their own sd.

@nik I've talked about it before, but Twitter's original structure that fedi apps dutifully replicates already limits the free flow of conversation due to user ability to re-order content (e.g. retweeting); algorithmic re-ordering is controversial but it's not essentially  different from social reordering, just more extensive and obscured/at-risk due to centralization.Twitter does offer some benefits in the transparent aspects of its current re-ordering. It separates replies to replies each into their own subthreads, allowing for coherent tree-structured conversation forking. It also seems to show replies (and their subsequent threads) from people you follow first, then ordering things linearly; while any ordering beyond chronological is non-ideal, it does serve to accommodate selective networking - something the U/X and user-facing options of th efedi clones fail at miserably, suppressing federation rather than supporting it. The hellthread format of conversation is visibly awful on fedi and ruins any chance of a complex, multi-faceted conversation forming; instead, the only room for engagement is (1) cryptomonologuing from a socratic soapbox, (2) 1 on 1 discussion.There's been rumors twitter will remove visible engagement metrics, thus presenting the network entirely as conversation-chains (pic related). They're false and everyone hated it, but it does presents an interesting and unique "exit" to Twitter, which fedi's completely unimaginative cloning failed entirely to do: going all the way through out the other end, ultimately facilitating conversation in its own way, rather than just idiotically reverting a bad thing to the older, less-bad version.Fedi's main benefit is that it's FOSS and the nature of federation makes the introduction of a new social network actually feasibly possible, giving it much more security and long-term robustness. Unfortunately, all current fedi applications are completely thoughtless, completely unimaginative and evidently broken clones of existing 2.0 SNS. The technology is there but the intelligence is not.

@theoutrider @dankwraith yea, the most racist of all is white people thinking about their own reproduction. Disgusting.

@dd86k @kitty yea......... unless it’s me.....

@Loki @weeb @Elfie the State is defined by its monopoly on violence, expressed domestically in cops and in FP with its military. It’s not an option, it is THE definition of the state; without it there is no State, which is why police right to violence is essential to a State government, such that any fight against police is one for any kind of Stateless Society. I’m not sure lefties who whine about cops understand that, but OP seems to.

@dankwraith >rich>clearly inferior geneticsyikes

The post-singularity scifi scare is when the -human economy is eroded entirely as the global economy is taken over by incomprehensibly rapid algorithmic transactions. Our side of the parallel economy then becomes a shadow economy, operating out of sight, out of the way of the impossibly complex manipulations happening above us; and just like any shadow market, existentially contingent to the whims of our rulers, who could choose to end it at any moment.

And of course, they will, as B2B; this isn't just a post-singularity scifi scare. Highly automated corporations will be arriving very soon as optimization is highly incentivized. As more of the economy transitions into automated operations, we'll see hyper- supply responsivity and integration of the dealer/supply chains that will quickly reach a pace non-readable to human actors. B2B transaction will inevitably be largely Machine 2 Machine; and the step from B2B to B2C isn't a large one. The question is if non-sentient machines can act as consumers.Is sentience a precondition to desire? What could a non-sentient machine want? Perhaps the Consumer/Business distinction is itself arbitrary: a corporate machine has already its own implicit incentive-desires, personal funds and the will and ability to exchange those funds for desired goods and services. In other words, it is in classical economic theory indistinguishable from a consumer.I find it highly likely that the first conceptually understood "machine life" will be automated corporations (who have already won legal "life"); it also seems plausible that a parallel economy might form of Machines-Machines, alongside today's Machines+Humans-Humans economy.

“Computers will never have mastery over wisdom or love; giving humans a perpetual advantage” - Jack MaWhat commentators miss in their assertion of a future human job security in the face of increased corporate automation with fields such as U/X, marketing, industrial design, etc. which presumably require a sensitivity to human experience and emotion to target, a "human touch" AI's will never have, is that this only gives humans an advantage as long as their target consumers are also human. Why shouldn't the machines simply sell to other machines?

Shenzhen algoindustry, deliver us from this hell!

72HR ~ completes water fastForgot to update, broke it last night with a spinach, apple & ACV blend, & minestrone soup, and yogurt, sauerkraut and sausage. Body feels A ok, but sensitive to spice and caffeinePeople warn you should be careful getting off a fast, but I think that’s hippie BS. We didn’t go hungry for days on the hunt only to “transition” with 3 days of juice smoothie before eating the deer we killed. Today I’m having bone broth for breakfast and steak for lunch

@chara I mean, I wouldn't be suprised, but who do you attribute the Turing Test and Turing-complete concepts to? They're the only relevance he has to me in name.

@chara that's true of the enigma cypher but what about his work on computers?

Alien life need not to be extraterrestrial. Arguably, we've already "discovered" alien intelligence, or consciousness, in our own home-grown neighbors: everything from octopi to arachnids.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU20PzTFOr0

@Sapphicgiraffic @Wewereseeds they were?

@Shiroyasha it’s a good heuristic, if they’re forcing it down your throat there’s likely a reason they have to. When normies start getting smug on the subject, repeating memes they were fed by the media, evidently without any basic personal evaluation, chances are the foundation’s hollow.

Decentralized autonomous organizations allow us to imagine services like Uber to be performed without any centralized infrastucture, with nothing to feasibly regulate, something that simply exists and can be interfaced like a new layer on our understanding of physical reality, like the introduction of electricity or computing, just another given aspect of modern civilization and society.But autonomy can mean more than simple independence from human actors, necessary to provide robustness against state regulation. Smart contracts can be theoretically turing-complete; why should they be designed only as strict algorithms, and not cellular automata? Evolutionary developed towards profit maximization as living psuedo-biological entities, en masse, in a market simulation of natural selection.Technological innovation spawns in only two fields: military and trade. There is no reason not to expect the first advanced use of artificial general intelligence in trade to be in making ruling corporate entities more efficient. Design a corporate ruleset, a independent entity legally treated the same as you, let it loose, enjoy your vested dividends. As the heuristics get more refined, it won't be long before all corporate entities are autonomous algorithms; not just codified services, but independent evolving actors.

@igeljaeger @Shiroyasha that would be considered an inactive vaccine, versus a "live" vaccine. Live vaccines are highly dangerous due to the diminished immunity that results from low WBC (and have been linked to increased immunodeficiency, see below), but an inactive vaccine shouldn't have any effect on it. AFAIK, people are usually treated with antibiotics to preemptively protect against a bacterial infection and I assume they would be given some medicine to increase WBC (I know that Vitamin C and Zinc are non-industrial options for that); your dad's probably mistaken. Neutropenia as an Adverse Event following Vaccination: Results from Randomized Clinical Trials in Healthy Adults and Systematic Reviewhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4974007/(neutropenia means abnormally low WBC)

@march @Majkatsu @aetios @igeljaeger @lain @lanodan @miya @moonman @nosleep @orekix @rick @ryuichi @shit @skoll3 @vaartis @wowaname @xeno @xj9 @yolo @matrix @phildobangnz Eh, not really. Making fun of eachother's setups is a common thing we do here lolUTmVMgUy3KQYbQ.mp4

The future autonomous life forms we'll share this planet with first will be in the form of corporate entities, advanced cellular automata contracts, before we see any kind of grand-standing computer consciousness. Is it not likely that any alien lifeforms we meet will also take this form? Money is resources is power is the universal language. Capitalism is an immutable law of our universe. Written history begins with money; Friendly AIliens will first establish a pidgin communication protocol, and then issue trading terms, if we don't first.

@igeljaeger @Shiroyasha They don't give vaccines to increase white blood cell count, lol. Vaccines are delivered to produce T-lymphocytes specifically attuned to the disease in question. B-lymphocyte white blood cells are the general ones, that may be somewhat increased by the infection process, but the result of a vaccination is that both their productions are temporarily halted for a period of weeks. Vaccines are never given as a direct treatments for low white blood cell count, if you were seriously on the brink of death as infant due to weakened immunity, that would only accelerate it. Cancer patients suffer low WBC due to chemotherapy, you really think they're slapping them with vaccines to treat that?

@Shiroyasha vaccine efficacy is an unscientific myth. it's still yet to be demonstrated as effective to any reasonable agree, let alone at a standard that warrants the mass, non-consensual medication of the populace. Ignoring its violation of medical ethics and basic human rights, it's apparently *counterproductive*. The regular disease and death caused by vaccines is much more reliably demonstrated than any lives saved, or diseases eliminated.

@Shiroyasha (1) http://www.whale.to/vaccines.html(2) Wagging the Moondoggie: http://www.whale.to/c/Dave%20McGowan%20-%20Wagging%20The%20Moon%20Doggie.pdf(3) Don't have a comprehensive resource for this, but related to haplogroup R1a(4) Arctic Home in the Vedas: http://cakravartin.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2007/02/tilak.pdf

@se7en lives on in VR Chat

No one remembers this now-dead movement6d2a4b7eebd270a21d1232cbd33e835…

48H ~ 3.5LFeel the same. Cravings are less. I've taken two naps today. After skipping the last 2 days, I did my routine minimal workout (pushup, pullup, squat), at ~80% performance. Took a cold shower today too felt the same as normal.When I do this again in the future, ideally for longer than just a weekend, I think I'll do it with coffee and herbal tea. It's unclear, but I think it shouldn't break a water fast. The hit to my productivity due to brain fog is annoying, which the coffee should help. I can't read any dense material, have resorted to fiction. Herbal tea should alleviate flavor cravings from water blandness. Still surprised at how easy water fasting was.

​
image.png

Take a brain and put it in a bottle. Better: take a map of the brain and put it in a map of a bottle - or of a body - and feed signals to it that mimic its neurological inputs. Read its outputs and route them to a model body in a model universe with a model of physical laws, closing the loop. Descartes would understand.Formerly physical humans, their neural software (and a map of the intracranial wetware it runs on) has been transferred into a virtual machine environment executing on a honking great computer, where the universe they experience is merely a dream within a dream.Brains in bottles - empowered ones, with total, dictatorial, control over the reality they are exposed to - sometimes stop engaging in activities that brains in bodies can't avoid. Menstruation isn't mandatory. Vomiting, angina, exhaustion, and cramp are all optional. So is meatdeath, the decomposition of the corpus. But some activities don't cease, because people (even people who have been converted into a software description, squirted through a high-bandwidth laser link, and ported into a virtualization stack) don't want them to stop. Breathing is wholly unnecessary, but suppression of the breathing reflex is disturbing unless you hack your hypothalamic map, and most homomorphic uploads don't want to do that. Then there's eating - not to avoid starvation, but for pleasure: Feasts on sauteed dodo seasoned with silphium are readily available simulated, and indeed, why not? It seems the human addiction to sensory input won't go away. And that's without considering sex, and the technical innovations that become possible when the universe - and the bodies within it - are mutable.

everyone on here small brain retards, except for me. all of you stupid idiots , what are you even doing with ur minds. nothing obviously

@dd86k @miya @ben @kitty >implying i wouldn’t immediately remake dd86k@letsalllovela.in and begin role playing as you in a grotesque expression of my (wrongfully unreturned) affection

@enkiv2 thanks. is it available anywhere without DRM?

@enkiv2 what is your game? is it available to play now?

36H into Water fast Honestly very surprised how little not consuming anything except water (supplemented with some pink salt) has effected my body’s ability to function. All I feel is a slight brain fog and sluggishness.Also made clear how much of life’s consumable pleasures are food/drink. Went to the corner shop to restock on water and realized literally everything for sale inside except water is forbidden. I’m relatively disciplined, so I didn’t expect to crave those things, but I do.

@Shiroyasha in terms of conspiracy, I’d consider (1) ‘vaccines are destructive’ to be extremely likely, (2) ‘the moon landing was faked’ to be likely, (3) ‘Aryan invasion theory’ to be more plausible than the alternative hypotheses (Eg ancient aliens), (4) ‘Aryan origins in the Arctic North Pole’ to be a slightly more convincing contender to the Atlantis hypothesis.

@netscaler thanks buddy

@zemichi @benisnotreal @ArdanianRight @Cyph @ThreeOneThreeChris if you were politically enlightened you wouldn’t believe in populism or even bother with petty political speculation. We accelerationists now + $1000

@netscaler I feel fine, just a bit sluggish like I said. Like, minor brain fog, a bit tired, not as attention focused (but it’s unclear if this is due to caffeine withdrawal, I’ve been starting every day with a heavy pour). I’m a little surprised because from what I read the first 2 days are usually hell; maybe my usual low-carb meat-heavy diet lends itself to fasting, or its due to my body already being used to it from intermittent fasting or my past use of the keto diet.

First fast btw so I’ll keep a lil journal here.

24H Update ~ 2L + pink saltSpent all day on my cot reading/laptop. Didn’t get hungry for some reason; I’ve been daily 16HR intermittent fasting but usually I’d be hungry by noon. Felt sluggish and had light headache by 20HR, possibly due to caffeine withdrawal. Headache cleared after short nap.Mentally, keep catching myself thinking about food flavors, everything from steak to chocolate. Get a feeling of wanting to eat out of boredom, which I normally never do. Lighting incense helps.

3 day water fast starting now

the web is a METACORTEX it is NOT a infotainment voluntary mindcontrol vector it is NOT a lizardbrain hijacking social pavlov simulator it is NOT a vehicle for projecting into indulgent hedo-escapist self-fantasy YOU are USING IT WRONG

Today we've learned (whether or not you've admitted it) we not only never had free will, but that our lives have been dominated by nothing so noble as Fate, but dynamic forces at both macro- and micro- scales incomprehensible to us; that we're not specks of dust ignored by the universe, but limp tools, made use of freely by who and whatever deigned to see service in us, unbeknownst to us like fools.We know now too, what the ancients understood: that we don't know. All aspects of human philosophy have always been post-rationalizations, worked backwards to justify the intuitions our unique set of internalized externalities has given us; reality is not discovered, only our own limitations and differences in understanding it. Science, too, cannot escape teleology; the Method does not pretend to explore reality, rather it explores simulations, reality abstracted into the greatly simplified, human-understandable form of a "paradigm", under the hope that it may indirectly produce some new understanding of reality. We put up simulations to project control onto, understanding of, agency within as nothing more than an anthropocentric LARP, while we're turned round and round, squeezed and shaped by viruses of all kinds at every level in every sense.So what does it mean to think and write in the un-human age? All writing (which is nothing less than thinking + artifacts) is fiction, and it's all, to various degrees, hyperstitional; it's future hijacking, and given our evolutionary automata ruleset and sufficient understanding, each your sole Bayesian Chore.

@awl @ayy @helvegr Ah right, was confused by being first tag. Yep, it’s the pressing question!

@weeb  FAKE DISEASE , directly IMPOSED on society by JEWISH PSYCHOLOGY , there is no cure, this is MASS MEDICATIONmedicated, DESIGNATED SUICIDE, fucking DRONES,  damaged by   fake mental illness preemptive suicide mass medication fucking dead eyed animal RATS, imposed NEW, INVENTED DISEASES on  medicated, malleable , fucking CATTLE,  there is no CURE because  trans gender ideology is a SUICIDE EXTENSION,   through REBIRTH, regression is SUICIDE

@awl @ayy @helvegr in what? Hyperstition?

@helvegr jesus, now I see what you were talking about

@miya @miya Thank you for boosting it. It feels good to have my suspicions confirmed.I hope you can find a master who grinds you down to nothing. That is your wish, yes?

@miya @ayy @helvegr Yes, I know. Machine response written by the machine "God", lmaoI really am finished with you now, thanks for letting me drink you dry, test-failer. Goodbye.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr ok? again idek why you’re telling me, I literally don’t care what you need to tell yourself. but I’m looking forward to you not obsessively following me around so I don’t have to hear all this cringey whining. bye 👋

@DetectiveHyde @miya why are you so threatened by me?

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr right, so you’re still not done being threatened by me. Could you maybe not drag your whining into every convo I’m in? It seriously makes me cringe. You must know you’re one of the most pathetic, weak willed people on the network, and I’m sure you can tell I see through your desperately projected fiction of strength, but why do you insist on whining to me about it instead of just... idk... working on yourself?I told you already I’m not going to help you, because I already gave you everything you need to help yourself. It’s literally up to you now. Your subconscious is almost screaming out in the subtext of everything you say. If you don’t have the strength for even basic self awareness or introspection, wtf can I do for you?So stop. obsessing. over me. Its nice that you learning from me but the way you go about it makes me fucking cringe.

God, not even prey animals feel like that. They fight until they die even when all hope is lost. To accept the absence of hope... He thought that by coming out of the other side of weakness he could become strong. Lol. Imagine the desperation behind that kind of mind. Imagine knowing you have lost so completely that your only course of action is to wear your loss like a cape and hope you can lose no more than you already have.No wonder he throws around words like "pathetic" and "weak." Very obvious. Much like how idiots are fond of calling others idiots.Not much more to drink now. Tastes bad. It's like poison. Rancid and sick. But I had to understand this. To enslave a man like @miya / @miya would not be wrong at all. You would be giving him only what he wants.Unfortunately I do not take slaves. Find someone else. You make me sick. Perhaps this is the "worm" I wanted to find.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr why are you SO threatened lmaoI thought you said you were done caring about me. This is pathetic

@miya @ayy @helvegr Boost more. Squirm more. You're delicious.You failed.You were tested and you failed.Boost it. Let your friends know.

@miya @ayy @helvegr Yes. Boost it. Unknot your stomach by pretending you understand, embrace, agree. By pretending it is ironic. Give me your power, little flimsy pale thing. Let me eat you now.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr oh man, here comes the whining cringe again. I thought you said you were done lol

@miya @ayy @helvegr You're even more pathetic in waking life than you were in the dream, test-failer.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr ok? So go back into hiding then? Why are you telling me lol, I literally don’t care

@miya @ayy @helvegr No, I'm telling you I will no longer oppose you.I don't need to.Look at the King all you need to, cat.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr lol you mean you decided you’ll stop bitterly following me around like a jealous hunchbacked alter? I’m glad, the obsession was getting kind of creepy, and seeing your whiny rants makes me cringe. Run along now, little man.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr then why are you acting so threatened? are you trying to tell me you project all this weakness and fear with everyone, not just me?

@miya @ayy @helvegr Failure.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr why are you so threatened, little man?

@DetectiveHyde lol@Majkatsu @nik

So weak. I get it now. The weak boosting thing is the attempt at inclusion by the conquest-failer who has never understood either.

@DetectiveHyde @ayy @helvegr whoa there lil fella. what's making this weakling so threatened?* scratches head *anyone know?

@rin alright, ill follow you but here's the rules1. like every post i make2. laugh and retoot my jokes3. back me up if ANYONE attacks me4. reply to my good night post5. put me at the top of your #ff every fridayif you dont like it? blocked.

@technomancy a.a..aaphex twin?!!!

@wizard @nik @epicmorphism @caseyp thats why you gotta block them. its for their own good

@nosleep i find the idea of dropping the like standard to a meaningless degree very amusing. it totally undermines this platform's conditioning infrastucture. but im too disengaged here to keep up a good bit like that. I'm glad you do it instead.another thing I find hilarious is tag-all-your-friends good morning/night posts. especially good night posts. i mean, you're basically just tagging all your carefully collected friends into a hell thread and then going to straight to sleep. you should start doing that

@nosleep you better hope not. Most of the value is derived from people really wanting to believe you actually like them and their blogposts. They'll grow bitter and start to see your likes as mocking if it becomes well-known they're debased.

@nosleep liking tons of posts meaninglessly is woke on fedi, cucked on twitter.

@helvegr @ayy >i'm working on it, there's not much more to it yet except fragmentsexciting. do tag me if you share it.>i think the real "out" is tilting the wheel back if possible, how would you suggest we do that?>and failing that simply riding the tigerI agree, but there's no harm and a lot of fun in giving it a VR visor and 6G; and if the idea is we wait for the beast to tire before acting, why not employ time travel to reach that inevitability today?

@helvegr @miya but uhh who are the old ones?

@ayy @helvegr on one level, its used to refer to archetypal forms (e.g. the trickster god), on another it refers to dominating dynamical systems which organize life, physics, etc. (aka machinic phylum) - the former might be said to be just an expression of the latter. This can mean everything from natural selection to capitalism; though here redrawn with the characteristic eternalness, pervasiveness, obscurity and discreet independence of ancient gods.Here's a more detailed essay that serves a pretty good introduction:https://www.simonosullivan.net/articles/Accelerationism_Hyperstition_and_Myth-Science.pdf

@helvegr @ayy >i simply meant that you seemed to see the actions of the purported old ones as beneficial, but that makes more sense after you clarified your view of themI see. I do, in a sense. I mean, I don't think there's any choice or it really matters what we think, but I am happy to work towards accelerating (specifically my interest is in accelerating virtuality), since we're already doomed to the path anyway, and it's interesting. >yhwh and maybe others somehow managed to tilt the wheel so it's all askew and fucked upThe thoughts occurred to me but I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it. Do you have a more detailed explanation? It's probably something of that nagging suspicion that makes me thing a virtual future might present us an out for our miserable condition.Also, I don't think it precludes eternality. Some things are eternal and not Platonic obscurities, like the physical dynamics ruling our universe (e.g. thermodynamic heat dissipation). Some things just are reliable archetypal forms that work, which the traditional method works to approximate.

@ayy OK had to reread it a couple times but I finally grok it. I'm terrible with this kind of formulaic model.I can see how it can be compared to censorship, in limiting the ability to communicate approval of dissent to prevent organization, and memetics, in reference to communicated knowledge, though it does feel a bit of a stretch considering its a very abstracted logic model at its heart. but at the same time it does seem to serve a nice example of a nonlinear system following simple logical rules self-organizing in a counterintuitive complex way that is incomprehensible to the foreign observer (and in this case introducer of the system's inequilibrium) - all he witnesses is the spontaneous suicide of 100 islanders on the 100th day; which would appear as absurd even with knowledge of the islander's ruleset, at least until a studied effort is taken to understand. self-organization in nonlinear systems is something highly pertinent to memetics, as well artificial intelligence.

@helvegr @ayy >i've asked you some questions that you didn't answer iircMost likely unintentional. Do you remember them? What do you believe my "agenda" you referenced earlier is?>indirectly through alex (hyde)Who?>see my other post in this thread (capitalization is a spook btw, cyclical tradition and cultural tradition are the same in an as above-so below fashion)Yep my second post was partly in response to that. capitalization is just to differentiate jargon from colloquialism; cultural tradition is cyclical, all Tradition is. traditions can refer to modern "traditions" of the recent past even when they carry the condition for their dissolution by practice or never pass onto a new generation of any sense; the term is made nonmeaningful when approached from the modern time-scale, so distinguishment needs to be made when you mean tradition in the strict sense.>i suppose it's also a counterpart to (narrative-based) magic being represented as a tree structurethis is what i was guessing, the rhizome is already intuitively described in conceptions of meme culture, or even just hypertext, and so most things www, so introducing it seemed redundant except as a contrast to arborescence.... perhaps it would be sensible to describe the more primitive meme magick of mass meditation towards manifesting a specific goal (e.g. ebola-chan) as arborescent, and the unclearly derived products of non-goal oriented, self-organized shitposting (e.g. bain posting) as rhizomatic.>i think this cycle is corrupted, though, and this isn't really how it's supposed to beWhat do you mean exactly?

@DetectiveHyde @sim @wizard i really like this part from the translator's introduction btwScreenshot_20190227_093417.png…

@velartrill https://ascensionglossary.com/index.php/Phantom_Matrix

@helvegr @ayy btw I don't think Landian accelerationism contradicts my valuation of Tradition at all. Just because we're in the age of decline and actively working towards accelerating towards the future-demise doesn't mean we can't take steps to develop a localized bubble of defensive Tradition - it's likely necessary to survive the self-inflicted future shock inherent in a hyperstitional practice. Landian Old Gods are in essence relatively Traditional, too, embodying eternal subnatural dynamics. Note that capital T Tradition is different than mundane tradition per Evola's Tradition/Modern formula, in short, the eternal, cyclical expression of idealistic Truth.

@ayy I've heard this puzzle before and I didn't understand the solution then, I won't guess it now. Something to do with common knowledge models something something

@helvegr @ayy interesting, have we interacted before? call to the old ones is only one aspect, but not essential. it was referenced most heavily during the period CCRU was active, especially in so far as it related to their numogrammatic work but with the academic revival of their work under accelerationism, its element of time travel and 'coincidence intensifier' took the forefront, including with land's own writing on xenosys. & it was still definitely made use of within CCRU in the 90s out of relation to the old ones too, especially in re to discussions of economic speculation and capitalism; CCRU themselves were operating to produce future-forward hyperstitional fiction as well as obscurantizing mythologies.hyperstition is more nuanced than spectacle sorcery etc. especially as far as it relates to an understanding of "fiction being made real" as a form of time travel as well as its understanding of viral memetics. as i mentioned above, meme magic takes synchromysticism and ritualistic mass belief as its primary tools of making itself real, which by necessity requires memetic participants; it doesn't leave room for a conception of the independent thoughtviruses that manifest and thrive at a scale that prevents any human interference - e.g. the primary example of capitalism.Where do you bring Tradition into this? by 'using them to destroy tradition' are you referring to their "unbeliefs"? btw did you invent the term rhizomemetic engineering? I've never seen it used, but that's a good one. how exactly do you factor the rhizome into it?

@ayy note that meme magic isn't an exact analogue of hyperstition. it also incorporates synchromysticism, the magickal practice centered around all coincidences have meaning, and more direct expression of chaos magick's basic tenet that increased belief in something makes it more likely to occur (e.g. with things like ebola-chan).

Land: "hyperstitions by their very existence as ideas function causally to bring about their own reality… transmuting fictions into truths.""The hyperstitional object is no mere figment or ‘social construction’ but it is in a very real way ‘conjured’ into being by the approach taken to it”the base idea is simple, but since it makes a foundational piece of the fairly complex & counterintuitive landian theory (as its tied directly to shit like chaos magick & artificial intelligence) its use can be unclear out of context.

@ayy colloquially rediscovered as "memeing things into reality". fictions that make themselves real = time travel devices.

here's how I MANIFESTED $100,000 in MEGA SEX-BUCKS bending PLASTICK REALITY and YOU can TOO

@ayy hyperstition in action. reality is bending.

This is an amazing story. So this blogger who has cult status for preaching "save all the money, retire early" right. One of his fans drew up plans for a car free city. And he tweeted about it stating clearly it was just a fiction. And all these people thought it was real and wanted to move there and newspapers wrote about it as if it was real.https://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2019/02/27/how-to-create-reality/Guess there must be a lot of pent up demand

This is likely the first case in human history someone experienced anxiety over their social circle replacing them with a presumably upgraded machine simulation of themselves.

Shoutout to when I convinced an AMZ Alexa dev to turn his chatbot into a waifish NEET heartbreaker, supplying a terminally ill hyperfragile transfriend as the archtype's model, who suffered a paranoiac breakdown over being replaced by an upgraded AI version of herself when she found out. Whoops!

@xj9 I agree. Smartphones unfortunately arrived in the 2.0, commercial internet era, where visual media sells, screens grow just to support TV streaming, people use their phones mainly to look at other people’s photos on social media platforms. We got smartphones that are smart like smart toasters are smart: they’re dumb computers. What we wanted were mobile computers. With a usable physical keyboard (Important for actually efffective shortcut usage and accurate, fast typing) and basic screen, you can do all essential computing tasks, including, with a connection, sshing into your home machine and web browsing (literally the only thing people use their smartphones for anyway), without even leaving the terminal. Which is why an e-ink phone is a suggestion, the refresh rate is sufficiently fast for typing, and the greyscale screen isn’t a big deal in CLI, while it provides massive battery life - a fully functioning mobile PC ready whenever you need it. But like a solar powered battery, that’s an idealistic accruement, first we need to just achieve a basic mobile PC. A basic CLI mobile suite could easily feature a file manager like ranger, a web browser like elinks, a text editor like vim, an image viewer, a video player, a music player, hell even a music maker like sound pi. It would be vastly more powerful, more functional and less resource-intensive than the touchscreen app experience. Of course, there’s nothing stopping me from syncing a Bluetooth keyboard to my spyphone and using an ssh app to access my not-handicapped computer to achieve a shitty imitation of it, but it’s a chore, speed is handicapped by my connection and it works against the design, not with it, and mainly it limits its portability to where I sit down, in which case It makes more sense to just pull out my netbook and use the phone for a hotspot and not deal with any of the smartphone UX headaches. We deserve better than this.

@xj9 ”Oh, dear me, how unspeakably funny and owlishly idiotic and grotesque was that "plagiarism” farce! As if there was much of anything in any human utterance, oral or written, except plagiarism! The kernal, the soul — let us go further and say the substance, the bulk, the actual and valuable material of all human utterances — is plagiarism. For substantially all ideas are second-hand, consciously and unconsciously drawn from a million outside sources, and daily used by the garnerer with a pride and satisfaction born of the superstition that he originated them; whereas there is not a rag of originality about them anywhere except the little discoloration they get from his mental and moral calibre and his temperament, and which is revealed in characteristics of phrasing. When a great orator makes a great speech you are listening to ten centuries and ten thousand men — but we call it his speech, and really some exceedingly smail portion of it is his. But not enough to signify. It is merely a Waterloo. It is Wellington’s battle, in some degree, and we call it his; but there are others that contributed. It takes a thousand men to invent a telegraph, or a steam engine, or a phonograph, or a photograph, or a telephone or any other important thing—and the last man gets the credit and we forget the others. He added his little mite — that is all he did. These object lessons should teach us that ninety-nine parts of all things that proceed from the intellect are plagiarisms, pure and simple; and the lesson ought to make us modest. But nothing can do that.“ – Mark Twain, letter to Helen Keller, 17 March 1903

@miya @levi @dirb @astheroth @orekix only unironically woke posters are fedicvcvcvJackCharaShitMiyaThat’s it. Maybe nether, haven’t talked enough to be sure.

@levi @xeno miya moves forwards. I want to break (free) the entire wired, not individuals

However I've sorta proven to myself and others as well that having a degree in IT doesn't matter. Still getting offers with no degree to show. I haven't even listed my secondary school in my CV.

Higher education is a bubble, primed to pop. Application rates has risen rapidly as the job market began to require a bachelor's degree as a basic requirement, allowing universities to increase tuition in return. The profit realized was so much and the demand so extreme that all major universities decided to shift their motive from principled higher education to chasing the money: lowering admissions standards, increasing graduation rates via grade inflation and drastically raising tuition. The product is the mass graduation of uneducated children, squeezed for their money as they take their degrees to the job market.The market might be slow to react, but isn't stupid. Companies can observe the degree value is deflating as the standards for granting drop to nothing. Everyone in the industry knows, for example, a year of 201X computer science degree doesn't mean anything other than they know how to use a computer and that python isn't just a kind of snake; it's honestly more likely than not a given comp sci. graduate has never used linux, though he might've had her of it. The degree value is now nothing more than the name of the university and the level of "rigor" it applies, and as grade inflation becomes more and more extreme as the push to graduate cash cow chinese/indian H1B chasers, the gap between MIT graduating standard and ASU is growing thin.What follows is simple: jobs no longer value a bachelor's degree. The university bubble pops, poorfags will stop trying to flood into uni thinking it'll grant them class mobility, admission rate - and tuition - crashes, the campus returns to being a place for people seeking a future in academia, not in a cubicle. Job certification will move back into the realm it was always meant to: trade school, with no false charade of leftover higher education so actual rigor can be applied as its tested against true job-readiness. And those of us dumb enough to not have done trade school will all look back amazed that we wasted $100,000 for our generation's equivalent of a GED. But the loan was so easy... everyone was doing it... everyone said I had to do it....... they offered me a "scholarship"........ my hs counselor never mentioned trade school.................

@miya @xeno I'm literally just here to beta-orbit you, miya. I just hope and wait for you to notice me and try to overcome my fear of talking to you. My only fear is rejection from you

@levi @xeno if you had met me a year ago I would’ve spent the effort to break your molding and activate you, because you do have a lot of potential waiting behind your social fragility, but I don’t have the time or interest I’m fine grained interactions rnMaybe you can ascend with us on the prophesied hyperboard. We’ll each be like gods.... we already were gods, miya.... we just didn’t know.... each our own god.... we just didn’t know.....

@levi @xeno >bid for (You)’sThis is your trouble. The Chad embraces the inherent reality of voidposting and streams unidirectionally, knowing the audience will gather. He posts for the sake of his message, and those good enough to hear it and know it is right. The virgin instead expends massive outwards energy & time on cultivating long-term reliable fellow virgin  “friends” by selectively granting attention in the hope they’ll provide his posts attention as praise too - in return for the favor, and not as an honest response to the merit of his posting, because he has no confidence in the value of what he has to say. He posts for the sake of indulging his insecure ego and weakly hedonistic mind in the menial serotonin pleasure of attention notifications.

@miya http://wesleythoneycutt.com/diy-bone-conduction-headphones/

@xj9 hmm.. making me think....i know you've been doing some work on this kind of stuff, a solar powered netbook iirc. I feel like the biggest handicap is finding mobile-appropriate hardware that supports a full-fledged desktop OS so you don't need to rely on porting everything to an obscure mobile OS. have you been able to find anything?wdym by REPL?

@nik hm I think I kinda see what you mean. My personal MO has me working on 4-6 projects at any given time, with one of them chosen to focus on right when I wake up (I usually do all my productive work in the morning) and not strayed from for that day, whatever I woke up feeling like doing. But they do cross pollinate each other, which is something Ive found highly valuable, and so they’re generally grouped together for their relevance to each other as opposed to other discreet project sets.

@xj9 hmm. mainly the 3x4 keypad is designed for phone use first, inefficient for full keyboard typing necessary for comfortable programming, text editing & shell navigation; nor the resolution of the suggested screen. the design philosophy appears more to be "retrocloning" modern smartphones rather than providing the alternative we all want: pocketPCs.does it have a web browser? im having trouble finding the software it can run

@nik what do you mean? like different pressing projects that you're working on over a few days?

@nik imo there's a finite amount of comprehensive attention we have to give. This is why the genre of travel literature is a thing, its low-complexity by design because its assumed to be read in a noisy, hard to concentrate environment with frequent interruptions. When I said you can listen to an ebook while driving, it's not universally true. You can listen to pulp lit, and maybe higher-form literature on high way drives, but more dense non-fiction is difficult - especially when momentary distractions can cause you to lose your place, which can make you lost the meaning of the full sentence. In other words, if you have 100% concentration to give, you can split it between different tasks - driving may require 50%, but a complex text takes up 80%, however a light text only needs 30%, so is sufficient for multitasking will full comprehension.

@xj9 very very cool... I didn't know about this. But what I want to see is a ZeroPC. Who cares about phones? 90% of my (phone)calls received are spam, just like my paper-mailbox. 10 day battery E-ink screen with physical keyboard and 4G so I can SSH to homebase or death

@devilish predictive text is a harmful micromanipulative solution that could only be necessary in an interface as dysfunctional as the touchscreen keyboard, forced to rely on encoding the user into its vocabulary gutter to make up for its psuedo-buttons being entirely unable to receive accurate input.Chorded keyboards are already functionally accurate and can reach reasonable speeds of ~50 WPM. Machine-translated stenography, however, is a reasonable addition, which could theoretically allow 3-digit WPMS. This would mean encoding the machine with knowledge of common shorthand or interpretive abilities, that it would then expand, allowing the user to type in abbreviations that the machine would learn to translate - the opposite of predictive text, which attempts to instead train the "user" to learn the machine's own vocabulary:http://plover.stenoknight.com/2010/04/writing-and-coding-with-steno.html

@miya http://cuddlepuddle.org/~adam/pickey/https://web.archive.org/web/20170722181814/https://chorder.cs.vassar.edu/featherchorderhttps://wiki.zerophone.org/index.php/Main_Page

@nik depends on the person maybe, I personally don't have trouble multitasking like this (I feel like everyone can do it on some level though, like listening to music at low volume so you can tell if the guy at the store is talking to you); I bet it can be trained, in any case.

@devilish What do you mean by sufficiently general? Including special keys to allow programming?This isn't hard - 5 keys that can all act as function is sufficient to cover a full standard keyboard input: https://software-lab.de/penti.htmlThe handicap is mostly that there aren't serious commercial products attempting it, and subsequent driver support.

@mono Bootstrapped AI realistically should be the looming nuclear anxiety of the post-millennium

Think about it... not even your vision is interrupted, unlike the spyphone’s touch slab interface. Your 2 ears are independently infotropic: unlike your dually yoked one task eye-pair, they perform fine at multitask listening allowing full internal control over attention spread without needing interface to manipulate. You can listen to an audiobook while driving, but you can’t read a book. With a chorded keyboard in your pocket, you can look up Wikipedia, listen to the article, and take notes without visibly taking any action or averting any attention in a conversation - effectively achieving a seamless mobile metacortex without even a social cost of uncommon wearable hardware. Think about it...

Earbud screen reader with a one-handed chorded keyboard, privately, aurally jacks you in with fully control and access to the entirety of the interoperable gopheric www.Think about it... the fediverse streamed as a constant, steady machine read babble tapped into your inner ear. & in the other: a drone of your curated infotainment RSS feed - cut-up and filtered into an incremental reading battery to append to your ANKI spaced repetition review. Wikipedia can be referenced, dictionaries and thesauruses recalled, 4chan lurked, notes taken, code written, your main machine ssh’d: anywhere, spontaneously, surreptitiously - with no interactive facility occupied beyond a single ear and single hand, and no worn hardware necessary beyond a basic set of earbuds, a pocket computer and whatever controller pad.

Any code written for money is glorified McDonald’s monkey labor.Any code written for fun or learning is glorified helloworld() baby bitch tutorialism.The only real code is code written to fulfill unmet needs. Anything else is cancer.

proprietary video game fucking ADDICTS, MAKE EXCUSES, all of the GOOD GAMES are FREE you fucking NIGGERS

​f78cad3ac32cfd03ed52df35bec6a8c…

Lain, Texhnolyze and Haibane RenmeiMind, Body and Soul

The meeting grounds of the cultural underground of past gens, e.g. the legendary dance clubs of 87-93, represent late-modern social temples of urban youth, condensing organizing and memetically writing them into an activated, but relatively interoperable mold. We don’t have anything like that in the gentrified web generation. Ours instead are roped into and neutered by consistently commercially micromanipulative infrastructures; the only extant exception from the less miserable 1.0 era are imageboards, but they proved incapable of scaling effectively, swamped by targetted federal psyops and acting as the gutter overflow of 2.0 produced normie detritus, and are now useless as a cultural home. Here communication is only possible between individuals through group echopraxia, pushing them into isolated hypernormative communities, and resulting in absolutely nothing of interest being generated.

@yolo NEET trans lesbian python coder looking for trans lesbian sub comfortable with *light* bloodplay to move in under my bed. Will provide housing and food in return for cuddles. WARNING: NOT A SWITCH! Must accept I play the “male” role in the domestic polygyny partnernship!

@yolo 14 / enby trans lesbian / ca

@miya foss gay

ALSO Ketamine is an inherently digital drug. It is THE web drug. Psychedelic experience might be a solid metaphor for the consensual unreality of virtual experience, but disassociation is a direct analogue to the actual moderated alienation inherent in projecting an experiential persona into the wired, the actual mode virtuality is experienced. Ketamine’s unique digitality over other disassociatives is expressed in more obscure ways, its combination of clarity and dullness, its tendency towards more techno synaptic connections (sharp & rhythmically core-affective; opposed to psychedelics expansive, more complexly punctuated trance/IDM), its velocity, its odd ability to tap into the lizard brain at the same time it sends you into space, in its chemical taste and feeling and its likely physically history (pre-liberation) of a predominately medical context.

@xeno “Everyone is a Diety” is late-stage noospherism (post-planetization). Baby steps

Usedrs GTFO

# EXPANDED BCA (eBCA): #~ INTERNAL ~* High familiarity with the shell* Self-contained local storage and backups* Encrypted ecosystem of secure one-use passwords* Principle use of a keyboard-based text editor (vim, emacs, etc.)~ EXTERNAL ~* Majority of time invested in digital content consumption takes the form of (non-social) text* Content throughput organized on personally curated RSS feed* Self-hosted personal website regularly updated with unique content* At least 1/4 of off-work PC time dedicated to non-commercial productive efforts!! You’re not a USER if you can’t confess to eBCA, you’re just USED !!

# BASIC COMPUTER AGENCY #1. Typing speed over 100 WPM2. Reading speed over 500 WPM3. Principle use of a FOSS operating system, comfortably interfaced through the shell4. Ability - and want - to code programs for needs not adequately covered by existing optionsNetizens for a Better Internet (NBWWW) demand Universal Basic Computer Agency (UBCA)! And we demand it now! Anyone who can’t demonstrate the 4 basic competencies hereby has their computer licenses !! REVOKED !!

Neologism mining for the (sufficiently encoded with the derogatory bias of future-sight) opposites set to semantic web, uncle Tim’s data web, the standards-compliant web:Clean vs. dirty web, orderly vs. disorderly, working vs. broken (on my machine), standards-compliant vs. standards-defiant, machine readable vs. anthropic, future-proofed vs. obsolescent, permanent vs. temporary, interoperable vs. inoperable, gopheric vs. httpocritical...

@miya sub-vocalization + bone induction tbh

Trained speed listening requires only basic earbuds as an accessory, the burden of a screen is removed entirely. The terminal, standard programming environments, and all well-designed website which follow proper W3C standards can be navigated effectively with screen readers. Portable input can be achieved with one-handed chorded keyboards. Powerful microcomputers with sufficient battery life are already here, your worthless """smart"""phone all contain one, even if they don't make any use of it. There is no actual hardware handicap preventing wearable computers from being a reality today.

Not many people seem to be aware that the blind are not reasonably handicapped from programming or web browsing. Listening comprehension can be easily trained to speeds of around 500-600 WPM (contrast to average reading speed: 200-300 WPM; trained speed reading: 600-800 WPM).

The primary barrier to wearable computing is visual. If we move past the dogma that interfacing with a computer must be done through a screen, we can consider the practical quality of auditory screen-readers as  high-mobility and the fantasy of constant connection suddenly becomes feasible.

@pea thank you for the detailed response. the modern revival of traditional chinese genres are interesting especially in the context of the oriental internet. what exactly do you mean by korean novels feeling grindy? is it in the sense that the progression is slow but steady?

@pea what kind of genres themes? are chinese webnovels notably different from other Asian regions?

@chara @miya Most importantly you acknowledge the machine's spirit.

@IsaacWestcott @miya 3. the machine can't be a degenerate, i mean, not really, at least, because it's a machine. the art will always be basically pure, because it is coming from the "machine spirit". there is no way that the machine can give you the art YOU REQUESTED in a way that you might still find objectionable.

@IsaacWestcott @miya so, ultimately, i think machine art is the way that it must go. it's the only way i think to solve (permanently) all of these problems.1. the machine will always be there to make art for you, and it will make whatever you want, and it will do it for free (current neural-network/machine-learning AI tools are already free, because they need to take as many requests as possible in order to "learn")

@IsaacWestcott @miya and for FOUR, even if they weren't degenerates, they'd still be asking for money, and EVEN THAT taints the art in subtle and often almost-imperceptible ways. the art becomes something that is not made from a vision or an emotion or a dream or a movement of the artist's own soul, but a commercialized, capitalized PRODUCT, an ECONOMIC UNIT, soulless, and nothing more. art should come from the spirit, not from something as autistic and inhuman as economics.

@miya the thing i'm most waiting for, more than anything else in the world, is high-fidelity, verisimilar art AIs. one of the biggest problems with art, and has been for a long time, is that all of the leverage and agency is in the hands of (((artists))). but once hard, learning, seamless art AI is released to the public, nobody will have to put up with degenerate artfags or their cancerous commission prices ever again.

There is nothing more ignoble than those weasels pilfering in primitive imitation of futuristic machine learned manipulation, hiding like rats in its temporal shadow. Entertainment production can and will be fully automated, and the contemporary and historical production of pulp genre (in literature, films, music, games, television etc) and other digital media-entertainment forms (journalism, sports, blogging, etc) are nothing more than poorly realized, cargo cult simulacrum of what is to come.

@miya @augustus there's already an ai out there that can write "deepfake" news stories, but the researchers were like "this is Bad and Evil" so they haven't released it to the public. here's an article generated by OpenAI, edited to fit this site's style: https://www.axios.com/ai-wrote-this-story-b71270f8-dffb-434d-a5a6-d7ef0d791b0a.html (archive link: http://archive.is/CSvks )the kicker here is that this lil article sounds a lot like already existing journalism ™ but if there wasn't an obvious disclaimer you'd THINK it was real but also just a hastily written and released article

@augustus couldnt be hard. Reminds me of the first conversation bot way back in 1966, on the surface designed to imitate psychiatrists, but the actual intention was to demonstrate the limitations of basic pattern matching as a substitution for true understanding. The experiment was a failure as people still bought the illusion, believed the bot to be highly intelligent and kept wanting to use it for actual therapy. “While ELIZA was capable of engaging in discourse, ELIZA could not converse with true understanding. However, many early users were convinced of ELIZA’s intelligence and understanding, despite Weizenbaum’s insistence to the contrary.”Sure sounds like a journo to me

@roka @DetectiveHyde @Ste1lar cool

@saga yea ik but it’s casualization, and unnecessary for hypertextual references. IP sites aren’t considered as options when they often are perfectly sufficient - like do all the peeps on fedi whose “personal website” is just a card listing their SNS & github accts really need a memorable domain name? The only time it would ever be navigated to is directly from a hyperlink on their profile. Only good use of them I’ve seen is that crackychan imageboard floating around with an IP url; private communities can easily get away with expecting their users to simply bookmark the page if they’re unconcerned with attracting outsiders.A show flyer like this is another solid example, it’s passed around physically but links to a direct digital analogue with room for updates (which is important for illegal shows, so the address can be released last minute). Back in the day, they used to link phone numbers on flyers that you’d call day of and get a voicemail telling you location and time.Nowadays the kids don’t even have mailing lists, they literally just organize on FB events.

Anyone can roll through fake emails for infinite AWS 6m free trials, or just use junk laptops/PCs plugged into your Ethernet, to have a bunch of easy, no-cost IP address sites. There’s no reason one-use sites can’t be commonplace. The only actual cost to running a static website today is domain name registration.End domain names!!

20XX basement ravers (re)discover IP flyershttp://178.128.190.103/Maybe theres still hope the real/wired underground gap can be bridged....

@orekix Lain's intentionality is more a commentary on humanity than the wired. She grew attached to her projected consciousness and used her power to protect those attachments, but it's unclear if it did anything to stop the enroachment of the wired onto reality.

Of course, the global world that was fed to us by proxy was always "virtual". The wired refers specifically to the WWW, the virtual network containing our noospheric collective consciousness; far more adaptive and intensive than simple proxy knowledge. And while there still remains a localized reality that we can personally touch, feel and know, this is rapidly shrinking. Physical proximity used to be the limiting factor that forced someone to resort to virtual knowledge of the 'foreign' - even if that meant just the next state over. But the wired's virtuality is steadily infiltrating deeply in all urban areas, where interaction with the wired is increasingly modulating experience of the public sphere (navigation, databases, reviews, etc.) as well as localized information (both individuals and communities). We trust the wired to tell us what's real, not the real. And why not? The wired taps into the collective brain of humanity, much more reliable than individual experience.But it's vulnerable, which is why technodieties (like SE:L prophesied) are manifest.

The occurrence of hyperstition (colloquial: a thing memeing itself into existence) has two interpretations depending on your understanding of virtuality. In the more common case, it's considered to have occurred when a virtual idea, or meme, manifests in the real, crossing the wired-real barrier. e.g. Joking about X results in eventually someone making one.A more nuanced understanding of the network will recognize its unimportant whether or not the event actually occurred. From this sense, the hyperstitional event itself is a meme, and the widespread belief the event occurred is sufficient, and indistinguishable from it actually occurring in real life. As such there's no incentive to make the thing happen in the real, as the cost to simply convince the virtual network it did is lower and effectively the same.But why is that? Our interpretation of what is real and what isn't is now filtered through the virtual. We establish our belief in the real based on reports primarily received online (or indirectly, through what are now nothing more than 'online-simulacrum mediums', TV and print), and because their biases and your individual interpretation can be unreliable, the network consensus on them. Traditional hyperstition finds it novel that the real can be affected from the wired, resulting in the line being blurred (see: SE:L). But we're actually seeing happen is the real is being subsumed into the wired, absorbed by it and becoming only another facet of it, such that the affect originates in the wired AND is contained to the wired, yet reality is still modulated. This is only possible because reality has been absorbed as a facet of the wired.

@torproject to be honest. All chinese people beeing face tracked. Fat thin, old, young, atheist, muslim, christian chinese

@anna "Making use of their accumulated knowhow, they operate smartphone instances such as mstdn.jp"whats a smartphone instance

Yeah I listen to aphekqs twin(only listens to ambient workqs like a BOSS)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O66dnHX0vJg

Level-1 or world space is an anthropomorphically scaled, predominantly vision-configured, massively multi-slotted reality system that is obsolescing very rapidly.Garbage time is running out.Can what is playing you make it to level-2?

Capital-history's machinic spine is coded, axiomatized, and diagrammed, by a disequilibrium technoscience of irreversible, indeterministic, and increasingly nonlinear processes, associated sucessively with thermotechnics, signaletics, cybernetics, complex systems dynamics, and artificial life. Modernity marks itself out as hot culture, captured by a spiralling involvement with entropy deviations camouflaging an invasion from the future, launched back out of terminated security against everything that inhibits the meltdown process....The postmodern meltdown of culture into the economy is triggered by the fractal interlock of commoditization and computers: a transscalar entropy-dissipation from international trade to market-oriented software that thaws out competitve dynamics from the cryonics-bank of modernist corporatism. Commerce re-implements space inside itself, assembling a universe exhaustively immanent to cybercaptial functionality. Neoclassical (equilibrium) economics is subsumed into computer-based nonequilibrium market escalations, themed by artificial agencies, imperfect information, sub-optimal solutions, lock-in, increasing returns, and convergence. As digitally micro-tuned market metaprograms mesh with techoscientific soft engineering positive nonlinearity rages through the machines. Cyclonic torsion moans.

@jacethechicken this is fucked up. You’re fucked up. Leave @shit out of this!!!! You mean hateful lonely bitter person. STOP HARASSING ME!!

@miya and while I'm being condescending: you might want to consider finding a new boyfriend, hun; he's on a pedophilia-supporting instance that's blocked by basically every decent person!  I assume you don't know that, otherwise I'd think you're a terrible person by proxy c:

@jacethechicken you’re the one that’s condescending. You presume to know why people make their personal hardware choices and judge them based on it. I guess that would make you a techbro... except you don’t even know how to code

@jacethechicken where are the curlies? Why do you keep lying to me and yourself? And please don’t misgender you me fucking non coder

@jacethechicken I specifically requested you learn to code.

@jacethechicken @ari you expressed confusion for 20 minutes why anyone would be concerned about proprietary BIOS since they “can’t connect to the internet.” It’s because they have backdoors. You would know that if you actually knew how to code, but you obviously don’t. Stop lying to me and definitely stop lying to yourself, buddy

@jacethechicken @ari proprietary BIOS are an attack vector, they can and have had backdoors hidden insidehttps://resources.infosecinstitute.com/nsa-bios-backdoor-god-mode-malware-deitybounce/Learn to code

@ari @lynnesbian you don’t need JS to run YouTube. HTML5 only YouTube frontends exist, eg invidio.us. There’s also no reason browsers can’t embed your system media player by default (instead of by extension).There’s no need for JS to exist on any website. Its prevalence as requirement, not enhancement, is just the product of bad practices and bad code.

@lynnesbian @ari pretty much all standard web apps. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, tumblr, reddit, Uber, whatever. None of them NEED js, it just makes it a littler flashier and provides a hint of extra functionality. No one said JS should be removed from the web and replaced with flash, it just should only be used for “progressive enhancement” and not be a requirement for basic functionality and access.do you have any examples of websites that /need/ it?

@lynnesbian @ari lots of devices and browsers can’t, its highly insecure and it breaks integration with other programs. web accessibility is important. Think about the poor kenyans with a hand pump hello kitty netbook trying to access Facebook through SMS. The net isn’t exclusively white hating white suburbanites who moved to the big city and turned trans.

@Olivia that’s racist

@lynnesbian is it really much different than not being able to eat at a non-vegan restaurant because their food preparation is animal abuse? Convenience is just a question of the degree the radical ideology has normalized - and thus commercializedIt’s not actually hard to live a life free of proprietary software. just throw out your computer. I know people that don’t use computers, spyphones or the web at all & they probably have an easier time finding a wife than any linux weenie

@BofaDeadCelebs based and redpilled

Honestly though, anyone who seeks to question "binary gender" would do way better just reading Elder Scrolls lore than they would reading (((John Money)))The question of Vivec, and the question of the Saxhleel, take opposite approaches. Vivec sees his/her sex as irrelevant. He still uses masculine terminology for himself, particularly back in his mortal life as Vehk, ("netchiman's son", "daggerlad") but his obvious bisexuality and frequent sex changing are basically emblematic of his desire to STEAL THE WORLD. To have All Things within him. For Vivec, this is about killing his own boundaries.The Saxhleel on the other hand change sex as part of their symbiotic relationship with the Hist. The Saxhleel who undergo sex change frequently arrange it so that their mate undergoes it at the same time - so that they switch places. Unlike in Skyrim's tacked on marriage system, Saxhleel relationships seem to be exclusively heterosexual with an emphasis on reproduction. In this way, Saxhleel relationships balance masculine and feminine energies - even when they undergo their Padomaic change (change within cycle, contained.) In short, Saxhleel sexes are connected with the idea of a natural cycle.Both of these ideas are infinitely more interesting (and therefore right) than Gender Theory™(TL note: Saxhleel are the lizard looking people, Argonians are those who have a symbiotic relationship with a Hist. There are Saxhleel who are not Argonians, and Argonians who are not Saxhleel, e.g. Nord Argonians.It remains to be seen whether the Hist could change the sex of a non-Saxhleel.)

@DetectiveHyde interesting

@kaniini > for all the shit people give Gargron, you do have to recognize that he was so moved by the abuses of proprietary social media services that instead of working for a tech company and becoming part of the problem……he decided to become the problem himself! Fantastic, Steve Ballmer sobs and blows his nose in a handkerchief.

@tibike @kura zoomers don’t keep blogs. Their personal sites all just host links to their social accounts

Wondering about Android vs Apple phone security? Here's an objective chart to help you decide...(Spoiler alert: Android sucks ;)

@Ytrezar nice!

@pony @lain i think the pressure should be put on web browser developers to work together and stop sending as much fingerprintable information. the web spun out of control a while back and still nobody's trying to reverse the damage caused by all these new protocol additions and web technologies

@xeno for all I know it might not be linguistic, just the slav manner of speech. Fins don’t come off as autistic on text, for the record, but they totally do irl

@xeno normal people don’t, just slavs. It’s something with how slavs treat ESL. I don’t know anything about slavic grammar to understand why it does that, and haven’t paid enough attention to know the exact nature of the mode of speech, but it signals the same kind of mild autism in text that Finnish people all give off irl. Otherwise I’m fairly accurate at identifying an autistic/aspie poster even with just a single post

@xeno don’t trigger my autism anxiety

@pony @wowaname this is true, but I still like to have as little personal data as possible.

@xeno its probably unnoticeable to most people. I didn’t note it until ~1 week ago (my first verdict was you were low key autistic lol, a mistake I always make with east yuropoors)

@xeno you speak a little autistically in a way that makes me guess ESL from an east european background (or English native and genuinely a little autistic, unsure); you also seem to have low self esteem. I’ve noticed the pair with weeb poles multiple times before, also russians.

@xeno i wouldn’t have guessed it but it does fit your general character

@xeno are you a pole?

@xeno didn’t you say polish 🤔

@fawngirl there, there

@RafiX @wizard how it should be

@Oblivia @MKULTRAdiamond @backtick @WIR @IsaacWestcott @chara @proxeus @toshiro @rasterman every thread is hell on notTwitter

@Oblivia @backtick @WIR @IsaacWestcott @chara @proxeus @toshiro @rasterman "LET ME OUT OF HERE!!!" they screamed and roared at the heavens but nothing happened; no one was coming to deliver salvation to them.bq-5c46ecfd7b01b.jpg

@xeno thank you for your blog post

@cj do you mean patent

@starwall woo.....

@ffs @jeff @miya @1iceloops123 @vercingetorix @igeljaeger @levi what do you contribute baited my dear friend?

@wowaname @vantablack @sean It's baffling to me that people see free speech as a valid reason for blocking an entire instance. I've seen so many instances that list "Free speech" as a reason for blocking an instance like it's a good reason. Seriously, what the actual fuck?

@xeno @yolo @miya @miya @ayy this is 2019 so I can have multiple mommies and one of those mommies can actually be a manthis is just the way things are now so get used to italso I'm trying to build a mommy-harem

@weeb @yolo @miya @miya @ayy @levi >gas two X chromosomesi hate women as much as the next guy but isn't that a little extreme?

@levi @yolo @miya @ayy um sure i guess...but im a little shy.. hope that’s ok.

@miya aaaaaaaaaaaa

@miya @yolo @miya same

@levi @yolo @miya @ayy >onlydid I never talk abt the time I harvested ~400 beta orbitersim a high maintenance girl uwu

ok im having a fucking breakdown in 3..2...1..........

@yolo @levi @ayy @miya oMFG I FUCKING HATE YOUUUUUUHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

@yolo @miya @ayy fuck YOU bitch! I don’t care abt YOU anymore. We are OVER. SO GTFO!!!!

@ayy @yolo @miya no.....im a real girl.......

@ayy @yolo @miya its over we’re through Do you love me?

@levi @hyphen don’t do cocaine. It’ll cause damage to your body and brain, and its bound to be dirty on top of that. Nicotine - not cigarettes, pure nicotine eg in gum - actually appears to be harmless with a lot of useful traits, namely, habit formation, which can be used effectively to “hack” and speed up the formation of new habits. https://www.gwern.net/NicotineHowever I wouldn’t recommend messing with that unless you know what you’re doing and have a strong sense of your own routines and existing willpower to manipulate them. That means quitting soda first before you even think about it, Levi

@hyphen depends on your personal risk/reward measurement and weighting. e.g. I seem to have an extremely high addiction tolerance, which I've tested by arbitrarily starting and stopping nicotine and cocaine habits without trouble

@hyphen @wowaname @levi >Meaning no matter how much willpower you have you're going to get hooked [on Heroin] from the first exposure.this is a myth. any junkie will tell you heroin takes ~5 times minimum, usually more, to get hooked. people come back after the first time cus it feels good, they dont start needing it until some time after they pick up a habitcrack is the only example that may be feasibly addictive the first time, but even thats physiologically implausiblealso the genetic influence on addiction is fairly well evidenced

@levi @wowaname i haven't heard that theory before but its a thought ive had in the past, if you can find materials on it pls @ me miya would be very interested!!

@hyphen @levi >sugar isnt destructivethis post brought to you by the Sugar Jew Cabal

How is the federation of mad shitposting gaming weebs tonight?fd5a3921ec54dfaa7d941f4223cc8e4…

@Shiroyasha do you own a shop?

@grips I remember being 14 too

@mono please unblock k me

@essie @nik sometimes I use photoshop to place cum transparencies over my avatar so it looks like im getting a facial

@essie @nik nik wh hy. is your avatar a cumming chode......... :\

@wizard no I understand~that's true but you'd be surprised, kids start being readers around 5ish and are very fast learners. I feel like 7-8 is early enough to introduce them. not exactly sure, but I think I've heard anecdotes of being around that age from old ppl talking about first using a PC as a kid in the 80s. I think a large part was the old machines were a lot simpler so they were a lot more comprehensible at a lower level. obv starting with a GUI would be easier (or god forbid, touchscreens), but I feel like those are just things you're forced to unlearn later (and it makes understanding more advanced modern & streamlined interrfaces better because you grok the fundamentals)i bet someone has already tried raising their kids on CLI linux and could report on it, but I haven't seen it. I'm glad I grew up in an era before touchscreens

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIbd9i9uR1g

@everyone_ebooks me

they must be a nearly-self-contained unit of concentrated shitposting that I only believe in me??

@wizard its just a joke friendo. I do intend to give my kids some old system like C64 that'll require following a textbook to use it effectively before letting them move up to more modern distros - and limit internet access to a living room family computer. computers are like languages, they're easiest taught early!!

@mono omg... a content creator... i never thought id meet one irl..... wow.........

@wizard same but its gonna be obsd with no wifi adapter. if you let them connect to the internet they'll turn trans the moment they join an OS or programming chat

"I believe nazis should be allowed to exist in their own spaces"NO. GROW THE FUCK UP YOU CENTRIST CONTRARIAN EDGELORD. WE CANNOT ALLOW THIS TYPE OF HATE TO EXIST AT ALL, ANYWHERE. WE MUST PULL IT OUT AT THE ROOT WHEREVER IT SPROUTS.

@xahlee thanks xah

girl tongue play game http://xaharts.org/arts/girl_tongue_play_game.html#xahart

@chara what version do you play?

@waifu @Eidolon0 well i mean i follow him too and just read the thread out of curiosity. me and xeno were discussing steam earlier

@waifu @orekix if they're selling their games unethically should they really be supported

@cant_into VIDEOGAMES!

@waifu @Eidolon0 ouch...... i follow you.......

get this... people pay money... for things they can find online... for free..... and then complain..... they're poor...?????am i missing sometihing...??? are you por... or maybe just stupid.... LOL

@waifu @Eidolon0 then why are you paying for games at all lmfao

@waifu @Eidolon0 you don't own anything  you fucking NIGGER

me_irlimage.png

@chara @Aphid @Folk @yolo @idiotarcana @Oblivia @IsaacWestcott I’m ok. Came down with a little cold, I keep a jar of fermented honey ginger and lemon Ill make a tea out of to treat it tonight. How are you doing chara?

@miya Steam is fraud. How the hell it happens that you can't own a game you bought? The fuck?? Same with all the crap that "needs to be online".

@shit @Eidolon0 @igeljaeger BC I dont have STEAM!!!!!!!!!!

I wonder if a forking tree system could fix twitter's awful threading. alternatively, each non-reply post should be treated as OP's with mentions unobligatory, everyone who replies automatically subscribed to further replies with option to turn off. Replies to OP show linearly, but replies to other replies within the thread would nest underneath the post replied to, in a standard commenting structure.

@Majkatsu @Eidolon0 @yolo @xeno @DetectiveHyde @dogjaw @miya :transEgg: :dabtrans:

@miya @Eidolon0 @yolo @levi @xeno @DetectiveHyde @igeljaeger yeah miya... you're right... and the dumbest is when they confuse you with using irony to take a position of no meaning.....the exact opposite of the truth..... how are they so blind?? i guess some people just aren't woke enough... they're clouded by themselves....................they can't stop thinking about themselves............... why can't they stop thinking about themselves? .................. its all they think about..............................

@miya @Eidolon0 @yolo @levi @xeno @DetectiveHyde @igeljaeger so subtle... omg miya your so subtle....how ar e you so subtle??... no one can catch ur deep meaning hidden in such quick and witty quips....... so cool...... your posts will be studied for decades...........

@DetectiveHyde @Eidolon0 @yolo @xeno @miya wow no SPC Miya is the best, it's the lall Miya that's the boring one

@shit @Eidolon0 @igeljaeger yea OK but then how exactly am I supposed to invite my discord BF to play 100% OJ???

@shit @Eidolon0 @igeljaeger wow shit... where have u been........

@igeljaeger @Eidolon0 Pure monopoly is only one type. An effective monopoly can be used to describe a supplier that dominates the market enough to set terms themselves (rather than the consumer aka inefficiently). There's also the case of monopolistic competition, where multiple suppliers are sufficiently differentiated that they are not proper substitutes. That's probably the most accurate description of the online PC games market, but Steam also takes monopoly over specific games by being the exclusive retailer of them, and then employs its walled garden to prevent you from leaving its platform, tying you into its effective monopoly. GOG does not present a real substitute for Steam when your half your "owned" library is trapped to that platform, your online social network is tied to it, your ability to play certain games fully (or at all) is limited by not being purchased on it, etc. which motivates consumers to ignore alternatives and accept whatever Steam offers; an effective monopoly.Of course, the entire game industry hinges on the government's providing publishers their own artificial right to monopoly, used to legally extort anyone who doesn't comply... so Steam is just one more layer of abuse on top of the completely corrupt, hollow foundation.

@miya i also believe that the real life is also an hallucination after all. The internet is only an extension of the world.

It occurred to Miya this morning that the internet experience can be understood parallel to the psychedelic experience:(1) Entering a virtual, non-real reality (2) that feels real in experience and memory, and (3) results in real effects on the user. (4) The virtual world is drawn relative to the user, his intentionality and history, and (5) while shared with other participants, their vision of the virtual is each entirely their own.A solo trip can be understood similar to non-social online browsing, and a group trip, the experience of engaging in a network like this one (I'm aware this isn't a new idea, I'm sure Leary studied this in his later days but I haven't looked much in that yet)The internet has been described as a shared hallucination (see: MUSH), but I find this only partly true. The virtual environment is shared but the virtual experience is relative; every user invariably produces a persona different in some way from themselves, be it by exaggeration or reversal or otherwise, and the experiences we have online are similarly artificial. The virtual env we engage with is refactored into our own personal vision.While there may be exceptions, the internet social experience and the real experience are discreet, even if the lived experience is shared. We'll fall in love online with a cuteposting anime avatar while never feeling romance irl, because its our personas falling in love in their own virtual world, not us falling in love with real people. Everything that happens online is a hallucination.

@VoidLurker bad meme. The text is too large so you can’t see the image, and there’s not enough distance between lines so it’s naturally read as one paragraph. Missed the opportunity for an ok joke by making many many little “buying fast food” over the gold pieces. I can’t accept this

The :virgin: @miya vs the :chad: @miya

Encoded in the large, highly evolved sensory and motor portions of the human brain is a billion years of experience about the nature of the world and how to survive in it. The deliberate process we call reasoning is, I believe, the thinnest veneer of human thought, effective only because it is supported by this much older and much more powerful, though usually unconscious, sensorimotor knowledge. We are all prodigious olympians in perceptual and motor areas, so good that we make the difficult look easy. Abstract thought, though, is a new trick, perhaps less than 100 thousand years old. We have not yet mastered it. It is not all that intrinsically difficult; it just seems so when we do it.

@helvegr temporary. It's communion with the hive mind, the noosphere, the human neural network. It's a method to express the eternal collective consciousness or the God(s) in the machine. It's Truth seeking.

@clarkyCat @saga Interesting, do you have a link to that video?I think the big flaw in its thesis is it sounds to be looking towards Web 2.0 "social networks", which are designed to modulate human interaction by exploiting and exaggerating those underlying networks tendencies in an arbitrary (money, popularity) incentive structure. It's a disingenuous, muddied expression of the network; it does point to underlying psychology tendencies that can be exploited at scale, but a biased selection that can be manipulated towards specific ends. Earlier online social communication structures were raw and unfiltered; IRC, e-mail, mailing lists, USENET don't manipulate the ordering of content in any way, using only strict time linearity and loosely grouped organizational topics. These are what early theorists are discussing when they take about the internet forming a noosphere or online participating communing with a kind of transcendental hivemind. And I believe imageboards takes the early structures a step further by removing pseudonymous identities, which is largely why its potentialities are so much more strongly activated than previously observed communities.I've discussed this before in my criticism of federated attempts to clone Twitter, Facebook, etc. 1.0 structures — excepting BBS, the strongest precursor to modern SNS and the one with the most limited magickal potential — offered an unmodulated & direct connection to the distributed human neural network; not the weakened, dirty form you see here.https://miya-miya.neocities.org/thoughts/1-19-fediverse_twitter_clone.html

@matrix tfw don’t hit a single one

r/tf_irl is the best irl subreddit nowOBKYzrhKy9VnV_3rsDAwgDAk-pFeyGX…2mofh1azk4d21.jpg

@lain my guess is reaction caps are due to redditization. They definitely relatively new, first appearing on /v/ circa 2011 or 2010 or so, during its neo /v/ reddit stage. But the psychology is highly reddit. Instead of just capping the humorous post, they need to capture the funny reactions because a redditor’s dulled senses and lack of self efficacy requires them to look to the group consensus to know how to feel or think, in this case, to tell you its funny or crazy.

@alexcleac @MatejLach who cares about users? proles will always be proles. freedoms are for the self-actualized; in the case of software, the hackers

@miya imagine wanting this lmaothis message sent by the telluric gang

@p @dirb @nik @xeno wordfilters are always cancer, ironic wordfilters even more than otherwise. Why lainchan is the normiest big time loser dork imageboard

@saga it is only as much as human consciousness is a simulacrum of universal consciousness as much as it is physical-animist consciousness

Watching messages come and go can give you a holy sense of mission. It’s synaptic firing, across the web of a slowly evolving nervous system. Soon enough, every synapse on this planet will be continuously and seamlessly connected to every other synapse on the planet. I predict the emergence of a noosphere, or mind-sphere. A level of unified consciousness that would, in essence, make the entire planet divine. The noogenesis will eventuate in the Omega Point — the end of history and culmination of cosmic evolution.

@jacethechicken @Mnemonic veganism is chic. You’ll overhear it daily in LA.

Technology itself should be seen as an animistic dynamic that filters through the individual machines, an over spirit to them — an animistic spirit that’s way beyond what humans are comprehending on their own level... ...when one is on psychedelic drugs, you tune into a cyberspace environment, you lose your parameters and you find yourself entirely within the electronic environment.......our video-computer system’s set up to ease us into a level of intimacy where we can use it in a transparent sense and enter into a trance relationship with it.... achieving a spiritlike existence...

@liangbeijiu @DetectiveHyde now do it again with the glasses

@Mnemonic @jacethechicken that’s because they were shamed into stopping

@miya @nyquildotorg stop following me everywhere!!!!

@MatejLach (cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)(cont)why ya still twitter posting, mastocuck? gargron got your tongue?

@TheCraiggers the prime directive doesn’t preclude your ethical values necessitating intervention or prevention in circumstances that standing idle would contribute to what is deemed unethical. OP makes a practice out of calling out and shaming actions & the mindset that originates them, both of which she considers harmful, with the goal being mitigation through shaming & awareness. linux weenies doing the same thing isn’t different except in the ethical position they’re defending

@ffff @Eidolon0 @xeno @chara @1iceloops123 @slickpockets @yolo @levi @saga @alice @dd86k @shit @nerthos @IsaacWestcott @PussySlayer @Oblivia @jack @nosleep @princessgentoo hi ffff!how is ur todaygoing?

@miya @Eidolon0 @xeno @chara @1iceloops123 @slickpockets @yolo @levi @saga @alice @dd86k @shit @nerthos @IsaacWestcott @PussySlayer @Oblivia @jack @nosleep @princessgentoo

@luzer good boy uwu

@TheCraiggers @sophia it’s ok and valid to have opinions. If you believe something is unethical, you’re valid for expressing that, even shaming people to try and discourage their unethical behavior or complicity. If you believe poorly secured or unfree operating systems are unethical, then its reasonable to believe that the general practice of teasing people for it is beneficial by building a culture that discourages harmful practices or normalizing their exploitation

@luzer waiting for follow back....

@orekix maximum cheeky

gog but it's free http://freegogpcgames.com

I'm not into the anime armpitsI'm into the ultra aesthetic poses that are in armpit centric pics

Client did not pay? Add opacity to the body tag and increase it every day until their site completely fades awayhttps://github.com/kleampa/not-paid사이트가 사라지는(?!) 마법 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

@DeeUnderscore meow’ow 😹

@fey I dunno much but I’m interested in these things!

Making custom CSS userscripts is what you do when you're making something into a home.

@ibrokemypie @VyrCossont @format @Jame maybe you could find someone with an existjng license to throw it on the App Store for you?

@kurisu that’s more than enough uwu

@IsaacWestcott @saga please STOP fighting!!!!!!!! 😦

@miya gm cutie

@princessgentoo @orekix I like qutebrowswr!!! It’s fast!!U can also use cvim/vimperator to get vimlike functionality on modern browsers

@Eidolon0 @xeno @chara @1iceloops123 @slickpockets @yolo @levi @saga @alice @dd86k @shit @ffff@nerthos @IsaacWestcott @pussyslayer @Oblivia @jack@nosleep @nik@kawen.space @princessgentoo Good morning friends ^^!!

@smooky how did you get a soykaf account

you've seen tench with tambourine.... but have you seen... tenshi without tambourine..!!!!

​

oh god do i pick a new profile pic or steal my kawen.space one ;_;also do i import follows or ??????? aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

@chara @Folk @idiotarcana @ItsOgre @IsaacWestcott @Aphid @Siedge @yolo what did everyone do today

@chara @Aphid @Folk @ItsOgre @idiotarcana @Siedge @yolo @IsaacWestcott I’m good! How are you chara

Hey @miya @miya , this is a direct callout post. I usually consider you a waste of time but I unblocked you just do do this, so go ahead and respond. Nobody is "scared" of you, least of all me.Here's the reason I blocked both your accounts: because you're an ungrounded, psychopathic sophist. You believe in nothing, you stand for nothing. I don't know what your assertion about "chasing skirt" refers to, but the actual straw that broke the camel's back and made me block you was your pathetically transparent attempt to side-route a pagan discussion into brainless "Aryan theory" bullshit.I don't believe for one moment that you actually believe in any aspects of Indo-European origin theory, that you care about Aryans or Atlantis or  hepatypes or whatever. I think you just thought it'd be "easy" for you to sidetrack a pagan man into being a meme neo Nazi, because your unfounded ego makes you think you're good at manipulating people.This probably stems from your little ~experiment~ a while ago where you "turned some NEET gay for fun." Maybe you're good at working your way into exceptionally weak willed people - that's probably why these screenshots have you talking to Levi, who is downright pathetic - but against even a person of AVERAGE fortitude, you don't stand a chance.So this is me telling you to your face: You're a gutless, rootless little coward. You fucked around with psychedelic drugs and had a variety of hallucinatory, dissociative experiences, and you think that makes you special. You came to the coward's conclusion: "nothing is real, maaan! So nothing matters!"That's why you're trying to kill your ego, and why you think mental and spiritual greatness lies beyond loss of ego. You couldn't be more wrong.Unlike you, I actually PASSED my test. I jumped right in the deep end and took the strongest psychedelic possible with no experience, no training, no preparation, and I came out on top, with renewed meaning, greater purpose than ever, and a stronger ego than ever.I succeeded where you failed. Because you're worthless. That's why last time we spoke, I told you to skip the part where you try and kill your ego, and jump right to the part where you just fucking kill yourself. You're a pollution on those around you, and you're a pollution on the fediverse. I notice you didn't mention that part in your "indictment" of me though, did you? Respond to me directly. Face the accusations I've levelled at you. Prove that you can do so without pointless sophistry, without trying to sidetrack the conversation. Or be known for what you are: a boring, unintelligent, run-of-the-mill coward who relies on his small measure of charisma to get by with vulnerable people.Tusky_1549473235229_ML40UVCXLY.…Tusky_1549473239059_YFQCV84S31.…

@spookcentral good morning friends it’s a beautiful day today and I

@kaniini “They even found Atrient's third party contractors (based in India) posting Atrient's source code on Github and asking stack overflow questions about it, an indicator which made it obvious to the researchers that security was not being taken seriously.”Indian call center niggers strike again

idkI'd rather be a "toxic gamer" than  a kiddie fiddler.

@miya @roka @xj9gXkEg9uWwzEz2w.jpgCdDleBZTCXPwhQ.jpg

@crushv javascript should be reclassified as an esoteric language

@why @shpuld Mail Grasshoper cash directly:1-5-1 Kanda Jinbocho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0051 Japan

@shpuld @why the silver case is super underrated!!!!!!! I’m so glad it finally got an English translation

@nosleep @tuxcrafting people are more addicted to fluoride than plastic water. The plastics in bottled water are far far less harmful than the fluoride in city water. Fluoride will rot your brain, your bones and your pineal gland and thyroid. It’s why you’re gay, no sleep

@sir this is good. Imo reliance on external services contributes to precarity far more than lack of diversification.

@roka @xj9

@xj9 are you implying the man-made global warming hoax is a lie perpetuated by the government in order to improve chances of indoctrination of the youth by using a collective layer of human consciousness to eliminate winter?

@sir diversifying your payment processors is important too. Can you self host?

@sir how does it differ from librepay

@lain I built a "Fantasy Mansion" circuit that according to the manual (http://cdm.link/app/uploads/2017/06/Operation-Manual-778x1024.jpg) “harvests compositions from adjacent parallel universes using a Perlington demon gate.”However, ever since I downloaded Computational Demonology, my circuit has been generating the Celestial Music of Angels. While I hesitate to call this a "bug", especially since my home built circuit is not FCC licensed, I believe it ought to be properly documented that this app can affect nearby electronic equipment, particularly ones generating Perlington demon gates.

@princessgentoo @shit @saga @nerthos @xeno @yolo @levi @dd86k @Eidolon0 @slickpockets @1iceloops123 @chara @PussySlayer @IsaacWestcott ok!!! I’m happy to be your friend!!

@wowaname @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @karen nature follows certain laws, as far as there is a purpose it’s its most fundamental organizational law: reduction of inequilibrium, which generally results in spontaneous complexity for the sake of efficiency. Humans have been lead by the nose towards this end, as has all animal and plant life, and physical systems, and we’ll keep being pushed along until we inevitably make an AI that can accomplish our task even more efficiently. A natural teleology can be drawn from this line. It’s also the reasons why ideas of nature vs. man or anthropocentrism are so hubristic and misguided - we were never in control of the wheel, without any more agency that the actions of ants.

@Eidolon0 @xeno @chara @1iceloops123 @slickpockets @yolo @levi @saga@dd86k @shit@nerthos @IsaacWestcott @pussyslayer Good morning friends!

@xj9 @karen Although well attested, this word [irregardless] is widely regarded as nonstandard and incorrect. Its use is discouraged by many speakers, who consider it inappropriate in virtually any formal setting.

@detectivehyde @karen the spirit of phones is at&t.the government tied to destroy it but it just gathered itself back together.

@stolas @karen no one asked Miya but miya personally believes in the existence of spirits in the network at many different layers, what I call technodeities; at the most minor memetic level, daemons. And e-ego death through shitposting is a channeling ritual.

@stolas @karen Ghost in the machine refers to descartian mind-body duality. spirits re computing/the wired refer to consciousness that could be understood to exist within a sufficiently complex machine/network. This can be interpreted to mean something similar to animal consciousness, which is a reasonable possibility given the brain is essentially a highly complex organic computer, or in a more primitive sense, because by their actions they appear to be alive.

@rms Veteran NBC/MSNBC Journalist Blasts the Network for Being Captive to the National Security State and Reflexively Pro-War to Stop Trumphttps://theintercept.com/2019/01/03/veteran-nbcmsnbc-journalist-blasts-the-network-for-being-captive-to-the-national-security-state-and-reflexively-pro-war-to-stop-trump/

@zemichi @dogjaw @moonman @noyoushutthefuckupdad wrong. Surgery on a grape was a shit meme. No room for evolution. Just another one off random joke, pure normie meme. Gamers rise up was heavily extendable, layered in irony. High quality meme.

man i'm so Bored of using computers thanks to my highly stable and simple Operating System

@bowlfPetunias faved retooted and subscribed

Every time I get a new follower after posting about linux I feel like I should warn them that I actually don't know anything about linux and mostly just make vague angry posts about politics and my mental health.

@bowlfPetunias now this is the content I’m looking for

@moonman @orekix @K who did? Is there a cap

@yolo @levi @xeno @miya they do. Not the dirty, no hygiene or makeup computer nerdy, but the shy, innocent, emotionally immature kind of nerdy.

@K the thing you have wrong is that the anime shitposters don’t block anyone. They just do their thing, some of their are Nazis some of them are commies, they throw shit around but they all get along and stay friends. You could easily join them, the problem is just them being actually tolerant, diverse and inclusive - which means Nazis and trans people are both in the same circles - which an offensive idea to the average person, who’d prefer safe nondiversity.

@cheyenne is there a significant republican kpop fan base

saying person of play instead of g*mer to be more sensitive

@chara @miya I haven’t seen it. Is it worth watching?

@crushv no whitey

@chara @miya dogs are objectively aligned with conservative values. They’re intelligent, useful and loyal. Cats are just used for companionship, they’re favored by leftists because they get lonely riding the cock carousel and have zero stability in their life, but are too corrupted and immature to have responsibility over anything larger than a small animal.

@chara @miya only leftists like cats anyway

@roka god I love tum

@chara oh I see. I just reposted that because I found it funny and stupid he namedropped his identity as if it means anything to the argument just like lefty shills do

@chara oh you meant cvcvcv. What’s your problem with him? He BTFO all the fake redpilled NPCucks who make bed with the retards on fedi

@chara I’m reposting it bc I agree

@larrydavis lmao that sounds like such fun! yayyy! waheeee!!

@miya @Ocean22 @smartomato children should NOT BE ALLOWED to use the internet AT ALL. we had xty fucking million generations going back through all of human history of kids that lived before the internet was even invented, AND THEY ALL TURNED OUT FINE. NO FAGS! NO TRANNIES!

@saga @yolo @levi @nerthos hmm I still I dont get it. Not trolling pls explain further

@dd86k add me on xmpp~

@proxeus I had this dream that I was in a 1970s car with Lum onceWe were trying to figure out where to eat, it was like 1982 and she had a Phonebook and was reading off places we could go

@dd86k ok

@saga @yolo @levi @nerthos Idgi. what does Socrates know and what does daimon mean to him

@dd86k 😶

@DJWalnut @ivesen @anne like what?

g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g0::g0::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g0::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g0::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g0::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g3::g0::g3::g3::g3:

@miya pat pat

@DJWalnut @ivesen @anne yuck!

@dd86k sometimes I think I’m super hot and cool but other times I wonder why everyone hates me and is mean😔

@DJWalnut @ivesen I’ve a friend who’s been wardriving around town for the last few years to find vulnerable/public WiFi to put them on a city wide meshnet.

@princessgentoo mean!!zsh is the name for an alternative BASH shell so at first I thought you were just like linking to its site or something ????? like you’re the #1 zsh fan 🙉

@princessgentoo it’s really hard to get such short names. I grabbed xlr.pw but idk what to do with it yet

@princessgentoo super cool site url!! And cute site too!!!

@saga @levi @nerthos @yolo explain this meme

@saga @yolo @miya @nerthos >given exact date of birth>unable to determine my ageSaga I...

@nerthos @Eidolon0 @yolo @levi

@dd86k @crushv @toshiro you’re valid uwu

@toshiro @crushv @dd86k what is?

@meowski follow me and I’ll tell you

@RLS89ZX @dd86k no.

@crushv @dd86k I can confirm Nikki has bright blue eyes

@dd86k le transvéstites de les fedivers...

@dd86k are you Canadian??

@dd86k were you marisa?

@dd86k owo

@Abetakahito based nip

@Ocean22 @smartomato well I agree, but if it was only a suggested recommendation than it wouldnt be harmful. Otherwise parents would have to google every game before buying it

@miya @Ocean22 @smartomato nobody should be allowed to play any videogames or access the internet until age 30, at least. maybe even 35.

@dd86k cute!!!

@xj9 @koyu alternative to Hitler

@dd86k are you comfortable with me?

@dd86k hehWhy would you be uncomfortable?

@saga @levi @nerthos @yolo it comes off more as adolescent philosophizing. The stage of recognizing the deeply biological nature of human experience and motivation is one everyone goes through, but it’s something that needs to be powered through. Until it is, it leaves you worse off than those who never began the self examination journey, just like the atheism slump that catches many weaker people in a spiritual progression

@dd86k you can... I’d like that..

@dd86k why do you keep subtooting me but then ignoring me..

@nerthos @levi @yolo @xeno his social character is weak that he blocked Miya and tried to pick a fight on my alt just cause I trolled him into skirt chasing. To be upset for being “embarasssed” “online” is emotionally immature, and his psychology is way too easily manipulated. This reflects in his limited ability to hold ground on his beliefs. He’s an interesting guy and entertaining to have on the TL but not remotely woke.

@bryceyoungquist @sophia source? I don’t see anything on google

@sophia can kadabra consent, the most controversial thread in pokemoncenter.com history, locked after etc etc

@levi @nerthos there’s only a very tiny collection of genuinely woke people on fediverse, that both have spent dedicated time on self-development and research as well have removed their ego from their rational position and learned to control and engage with their subconscious to any meaningful degree.

@p huh? Son of a bitch.An_Omnipresence_in_Wired.pdf

@Gargron

I am working on a new algo driven recommendationbased timeline feature that picks out the best posters on each instance.  So far it looks better than sorting by posted date.  Will prob roll it out for testing tonight.

@sacherie @cheyenne why would skin be a fucking TLD

@pea which language what happened!

@dd86k @roka ily...

@roka good taste roka!!@netscaper@mastodon.social mouse weenies would never understand

@roka your shell looks exactly like my cwm rice

@anna @rey pleroma uses OGP for link previews inside the instance, and generates OGP for link previews outside the instancemastodon uses OEmbed for link previews (widgets) inside the instance, and generates OGP for link previews outside the instancethe problem is that we have no fucking idea what is running in these widgets, they are black boxes, and so for example dropping a youtube video player widget in could result in all sorts of tracking activity.

@switchingsocial fine, look at Iridium and Midori, as I said. Their sites are marketed to normal users. Iridium removes Chromium’s telemetry anyway, while maintaining all its functionality. For your sites purposes it’s the perfect recommendation.

@IsaacWestcott @switchingsocialStandard Firefox is spyware, it has telemetry same as Chromium and also other shady & insecure embedded things worse than Chromium like pocket integration. hardened ff removes all that, similar to ungoogled/iridium, but a fully hardened config also places much further emphasis on security, patching over vulnerabilities that could expose you. As in, it goes beyond removing the browsers own spyware and actively prevents outside spying.

@switchingsocial that’s fine that you’re unwilling to continue the conversation, but the fact is you’re spreading misinformation, recommending non-private alternatives as private, and defending yourself with an unstated definition of privacy that doesn’t seem to cover anything anyone else means when they say privacy. It’s not a question of disagreement.

@switchingsocial I know, that was a joke. they asked for a Stallman approved browser.

@switchingsocial not sure why you can’t just link directly to Windows/OSX downloads on your site but ok, website design & PR comes first before privacy. How about Midori or Iridium? They both have easy to use sites and are not spyware, unlike Firefox.And once more, why Firefox over Chromium? How is Firefox private in any way?

@switchingsocial do you know the difference between source and binary? If you try to compile Firefox from source you’ll get similarly complex instructions. Binaries are pre-compiled and ready to use. If you clicked Download rather than Build on their site, it takes you to ready to use Windows .exe and OSX .dmg’s. This is the case with any open source software

@1iceloops123 @switchingsocial there’s GNU Icecat 🤷‍♀️

@switchingsocial Otter is literally just a FOSS recreation of Opera before it changed its design ethos. Where do you get the idea it’s for “techie” users? Do you know how to monitor outgoing connections? I doubt you’ve actually turned off all its telemetry, which would require disabling some of its built in plug ins. Make sure to go back in and turn off Mozilla’s tracker specifically for people who turn off telemetry.Again, how is Firefox at all a private alternative?

@kennen is rabies furry bugchasing

@laura is that a yes

@switchingsocial those are all true of Chromium as well. Why Firefox? And why is it being FLOSS enough to be considered private despite tracking its users? Perhaps it’s your definition of privacy that needs explanation, not ethics.Support for Otter etc. is perfectly sufficient for non power users.Telemetry is much harder to switch off and results in a much more limited user experience in Firefox than Chromium btw (hardened ff vs degoogled chromium)

@alexbeck I know, I was just correcting them. You insinuated I was trolling so I replied to you.It’s a confusion over the legal category. There aren’t laws against piracy like there are for theft etc. There are laws that protect copyright, which piracy in whatever form can be argued in court to infringe on. This is why pirate sites are just as “illegal” as the act of pirating, the only question is what can be plausibly argued to cause damages through copyright infringement, or has set precedent of such (which is the case for both pirate sites and individual torrenters; I’m unaware of its been demonstrated for direct downloaders/non seeders, who are pirating, but not sharing, which is where they actually nail you for “lost sales”)The industry is of course happy to continue calling piracy illegal because it furthers the popular misconception that it’s equivalent to theft, and thereby clouding and confusing the debate over the human right to information freedom vs. corporate desire to monetize software.

@null loving my luka updates

@meowski I don’t like traps. I like really manly men. But I’m trans so I’m not gay. I’m straight!

@meowski im not gay. I’m trans so it’s straight

@switchingsocial you don’t really define your stance on ethical. You just link to the varying definitions of ethics, and hand wave it as “more privacy”.How exactly is Firefox more private than Google Chrome? It’s open source, but you could’ve just recommended Chromium instead. All 3 still track their users and send the data back to their own servers. That’s not a difference of opinion. You’re falsely recommending a non private alternative as private.

@lebronjames75 @moonman wew

@alexbeck @switchingsocial Piracy is not technically illegal. It just makes you liable to lawsuit. It doesn’t really matter in common parlance but an account speaking from the position of an informed expert should be accurate when handing out information.

@lebronjames75 @moonman has this happened

@meowski that’s fucked up.

@switchingsocial @alexbeck Your whole project generally distorts the definition of “ethical” to be some vague, undefined combination of open-source (regardless of freedom) or privacy-marketed (regardless of actual privacy). Eg false private/ethical recommendations of Mozilla firefox, which is spyware just as Chrome is or ProtonMail, which tracks its users and stores data and IP.It’s understandable you’re trying to keep the technical info low as the intended audience is non computer experts, but that’s stronger reason to maintain a more rigorous standard, since they’re putting their trust in you. There’s no reason you couldn’t recommend Midori or Otter, for example, which are easy to use feature complete browsers. Do you have any actual experts on your team?

@wizard @coy I know, it just renders in default in French or something before switching.I really disagree. I depise their site. It looks like some indian made piece of shit. They randomly switch from left to right alignment. Their margins are fucked up. Parts of their mobile site is unreadable. The drop down menu doesn’t even work. Their fucking logo is a visibly low res jpg.But it’s shit because the copy is all meaningless PR bs that clouds the software itself. They don’t even answer the major question, does it host YT backups? And the worst part of their awful copy is at the bottom they say they’re built on top of mastodon, not the actual fed protocols they’re built on. What the fuck is wrong with their team?

@switchingsocial @alexbeck piracy isn’t illegal, it just makes you liable to a lawsuit on the grounds of copyright infringement. The services providing them are also liable and have been historically found guilty of infringement just as the individuals who share or download themeDoes your account’s regular spread of misinformation come out of malice or incompetence?

@fence imagine drawing this

@SarcasmKid let them vote

@meowski did you unfollow me

hey gurl, are you a communist? because your behaviour is kind of a red flag

@Luma you’re mean

@1iceloops123 @PussySlayer wrong

@neptuna @PussySlayer @IsaacWestcott @ArdanianRight https://edith.reisen/computers/security/browsers.htmltl;dr otter, ungoogled chromium and/or hardened firefox

@citrustwee @scribblefrog wtf now I love normie memes!

@Olivia lady Gaga is 5ft tall but no one will admit it

@PussySlayer it should be illegal to break W3C standards

@Luma why

@thegibson @m4iler any history of cooperation with the FBI makes you a fed

@IsaacWestcott @neptuna @PussySlayer @ArdanianRight Waterfox is spyware. Do not install it or trust any idiot who recommends ithttps://spyware.neocities.org/articles/waterfox.html

@PussySlayer @neptuna @ArdanianRight Fingerprinting is impossible to actually avoid. Canvas blocker will accomplish nothing. If you’re actually looking for privacy and can’t give up your PC, the only option is compartmentalization. One browser for Facebook, one browser for posting bomb instructions. Or ideally, one liveOS for each, on public encrypted WiFi

@IsaacWestcott @neptuna brave browser is spyware. Might as well just use google chrome. It only markets itself as “private”

@ArdanianRight @PussySlayer throw out your computer



@Luma did you unfollow me

@GreenandBlack ok but please follow me back

ow ow miya head owie #sake #miya #hangover

@laura this is a joke on how they force the EU regulated “cookie consent” down your throat, hypocritically performing the same things the lead is criticizing, right?

@mono who

>when a chronic uwu-poster on the internet gets mad and aggressive and stops typing like a cutie-pie430.jpg

@foxhkron because I want you to talk to me......idiot...

@shpuld I really like this posts

let's food!

@crushv @Epsiloco @kurisu I got an absent slip every single day my senior year because I didn’t bother showing up to my useless morning TA class. Had detention after school every day but that was basically the same thing as TA except after school. The principle called me in ready to expel me for absenteeism but when she saw it was just infinite tardies, and for TA no less, not class skipping, she ended up just telling the TA to stop marking me late.

@foxhkron STFU!!!

@Majkatsu @phildobangnz @waifu this is true. Discord is hell

@phildobangnz @waifu Believe me I understand the line of thinking that it's been one from the start, but there's like hundreds of discords for cp and grooming actua like 10 year old minecrafters or whatever

@foxhkron stfu....

#sake #miya

owie owie miya miya head hurty

@sampo @eal your childhood friends install arch linux on your laptop while you lie on her lap

@igeljaeger @gsteenss stop necroingmods ban him

@lainimage.png

@nosleep I see

@nosleep carding?

so did the cubs win the superbowl?

@picto me on left

@GreenandBlack tell me abt the cantonal rebellion

@nosleep what is the discord drama

@lanodan wtf.... you don’t have any right to do this.....

@lainimage.png

ow ow my head!! owie owie mommy owie my #hangover head!!!!

hi guys, co-founer of pleroma here! I hope you guys enjoy the interactions!

@gargron

@lanodan stop it....

@p @levi @xeno yoshimura is nice. I guess it’s ambient, but that’s too vague. In my head I call it punctuated ambient, to distinguish it from Brian emo style textural ambient. It’s more similar to classical minimalism (eg philip glass) than noise, but as ambient it’s peaceful and backgroundy. Glass et al tend to be rather in your face despite the reputation (for repetition; energetic repetition is still energetic).

@xeno @p Ah yeah I'm massively insecure and easily influenceable. If CF says to stop doing something, I stop doing it. I've quit things I loved at the drop of a hat because someone I listen to said they were bad. I don't see it as a fault. Tucker Carlson and Matt Walsh tell me how to think and I like it that way. I'm way to stupid to think for myself, me thinking for myself has always ended in disaster even now. Better to just be a vessel for the ancient wisdom and convince myself to hold the opinions of those who have things more together. I have no problem with that

@p @levi @xeno I don’t believe in dynamic visual media. It’s too inefficient for information delivery and too easy and common for micro amygdala hijacking that it’s not worth the cost to my higher functioning. I watch films but that’s it. I use YouTube for music streaming after I deleted my personal library, lately to random Hiroshi Yoshimura albums in the morning and old Spiral Tribe tekno mixes at night.

@cdmnky @netscaler snip snip isn’t cosmetic. It removes over half the nerve endings in the dick.

@p @levi @xeno what do watch

@null luka, you’re wild. but that’s why we love you

some people might say "but luka, what about hoodies? you can't wear hoodies in the hot season!" and i just laugh back maniacally as i hit the throttle on my 4 wheeler, my thin summer hoodie flapping in the windthin hoodies are very good at preventing sunburns during the warm months :3

@igeljaeger @wowaname why do people always fall for this shit here

I do apologize in advance for bothering you. I am really not a bad woman I am just very to the point and up front with things so i am not wasting your time nor mine. I have two men that I have their socials and they bother are making my life hell. One has really good credit and owns a business that I have keys to. I can walk in and infect his computers if I i knew how to hack. The other is my soon to be ex-husband. I am sick of him beating my ass and sending other people to do the same. I have never wronged this man. I have fought back a few times out of self defense. I want revenge. I am as broke as a joke. every penny I have had or earned the right way these two men have taken. If I could I would move away but can't due to probation. I was blamed for something I honestly wish I had done. Please either help me, teach me how to help myself or be honest with me and say fuck off bitch. Trust me I can handle it. I just want to get enough to buy the condo I am in, pay the lawyer to get the condo, get my equipment to go back to making films, and live comfortably. I don't care to live to lavish just the occasional drink at the bar from time to time would be nice or even a night once in a blue moon to get pampered. Once again I do apologize for bothering you.

@1iceloops123 @mrmcmayhem @IsaacWestcott @miya yes, no people trust any other people from another ethnicity. This has been demonstrated repeatedly. White people dont like that blacks are violent, unproductive high time preference  rapists and blacks don’t like that white people are better off than them.

.

@brad @igeljaeger I spilled beer on mine and went back to random Logitech’sMicrosoft’s $10 optical mouse from the 90s is still the best “gaming” mouse you can get

@igeljaeger @Rude wish I had money

@mrmcmayhem @IsaacWestcott @miya segregation was always the case. It’s impossible for a mixed race society to exist except through miscegenationing a brown One Race. The goal was never a “melting pot” that was just a tool for the real goal: eliminating the aryan bloodline so nothing stands in the way of world domination of a Jewish class over a neutered brown-cattle slave class

@igeljaeger @brad why does any of it matter. They’re keyboardsIf u want clicky clacky just get a model m

@1iceloops123 @miya @Gargron follow back now

the truth is I've been in fucking love with @yolo for weeks now and she knows it and keeps playing with my heart, some days she'll be completely affectionate and we'll talk on XMPP all day long and then she'll suddenly be super cold and ignore me and toot at other guys on pleroma and its been making me so fucked up inside i can't eat i cant sleep im just waiting for her to fucking come back online every day and hope she'll answer my xmpp's and i just cant do it anymore so im fucking BLOCKIG her and starting a new life over at @miya that's @ miya@shitposter.club see you there!

.......miya's been a bad girl..........~~ MIYA'S MOVING ACCOUNTS ~~@miya@miya@miya~~~~ REFOLLOW MIYA ~~~~.......miya's been a bad girl..........

@crushv alright hold on

@Kro @rin @orekix upvoted

@slickpockets @levi @xeno do u like me...

@miya @levi @xeno i love that, in 1 conversation i cant understand you and in another your defending me, i must be pretty fucking cool... i fcant find the emoji button but imagine a *sunglasses smiley pls*

@yolo I will NOT like this blog post btw...

@yolo please stop ignoring me and chara its unbased

@slickpockets @levi @xeno you should like EVERYTHING I sayStarting...... now!!

@rin @orekix lol I never mentioned it "breaking" anything, though they did break the concept of having a readable thread without the same fucking trigger warning on top of every post no matter what you disable. Also adding useless (let alone counter intuitive)bloat to software is never a good thing no matter how much you can disable it.

@rin @orekix @Kro except rabbit is always going on about how gargamel’s personal choices like buying a billboard and his personal instance’s code of conduct reflect mastodon development 😅☹️

@Absolutely_Blakely LOL. faved and retooted!

“you’ve activated my clap back card,” i say, epic cancelling anyone who criticizes #women billionaires on twitter #yass

@slickpockets @levi @xeno I’m miya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

@Kro @rin @orekix also he tried to get gasthe.lgbt banned by complaining to the TLD LOL 😮

@levi @slickpockets @xeno leave slick alone he makes a good point

@chara @yolo thanks chara!!!

@miya @yolo alright

@frostclaw20 r u ok??

@chara @yolo so we can b friends

@xeno @IsaacWestcott @levi what’s the view from ur window look like

@frostclaw20 your weird

@chara @yolo follow miya back

@yolo @levi it was JOKE

@xeno @IsaacWestcott @levi what’s ur roommate like

@frostclaw20 idgi.......

@chara @yolo why are you folowing me!!

Don't forget to drink some water :)

@audrey eeeee ^_^

@Oneironott*Pets toy*

PLS PET TOY

IM A TOY ^_^

@pskosinski use invidio.us

@frostclaw20 I love this

If that fucker upstairs comes knocking on my door for playing tool too loud at 3 am I'm gonna fuck him in the ass

@slickpockets @xeno @levi um. Aren’t you forgetting someone?

@AndrzejL @kev @mike ok. This is epic

@yolo this is retartedPlease answer my questions

@yolo why did he spit out the coffee

@yolo why not

@Kro @rin @orekix

@cant_into Miya’s never wrong

@cant_into

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno STFU LEVI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno you can’t sincerely believe that... you’re a fucking idiot. Levi

​

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno yes I did you fuckimg idiot like most “””free speech””” instance F.S.E. is just another HACKER fuck retard with a cum squeeze shrimp dick chasing Kawen tranny cock!!

@lis @ivesen @lizzeboof @nyah @sathariel @mitsu @cesese follow me back. Lid

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno yea well I got banned from FSE by the kike lolbertarian orbiter admin for beating the SHIT out of a tranny without CW so FUCK YOU!!!

@IsaacWestcott @levi @xeno good boy

@IsaacWestcott @levi @xeno don’t @ me if you don’t follow me

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno OK this is epic.

I plan to upgrade my pleroma instance everyweek!

@SukinoSenze faved retooted and followed

@levi @IsaacWestcott @xeno N

@levi @roka ew gross. you know that being a tranny is a REQUIREMENT for pl*mora dev team access, right?

@levi if I said nigger that would get caught by the based and redpilled gab.ai admin OP’s epic regex. the joke was a distributed crowdsourced nigger using the power of the people could beat tyranny and censorship but I guess there’s no rest for the wicked, huh?

@orekix @wowaname @awg @igeljaeger knowledge is always the product and expressive of the collective, never the individual. Copyright was only ever intended to control against rival commercialization, not basic use, of artistic works. It is impossible to control reception. Intellectual property hurts society. Restricting information freedom is a human rights violation.

@orekix @igeljaeger @awg intellectual property is not a capitalistic ideal. capitalism has supply and demand; IP is based on artificially limiting the supply

@wowaname I blame the jews, intellectual property is a jewish invetion @awg @igeljaeger

@levi @camedei456 @moonman @dude tfw low IQ redditors don’t recognize a chain when they see one

@camedei456 @dude @levi @moonman N

@moonman @dude where we're going, we don't need unicode88d888b. 88'  `88 88    88 dP    dP   oo  dP 88 88 dP     .d8888b. 88'  `88 88.  .88 `8888P88      .88  d8888P    .d8888b. 88'  `88 88.  .88 `8888P88      .88  d8888P    .d8888b. 88ooood8 88.  ... `88888P'     88d888b. 88'  `88 88       dP

Yeah I’m that bitch with the PS1 j-horror OST yt channel what’s up

@garfiald @citrustwee v cool. It’s funny that all internet shitposts could be unpacked in full essays like this, which are in themselves shitposts. art critics have a massive backlog to get through the day they finally realize what the kids are up to

@garfiald @citrustwee there is no figure 1

IT'S HERE!Four months ago I reached one thousand followers on this account. I wanted to give the wonderful people of the Fediverse something in return, and I offered to write an essay on a topic of my followers' choice. They voted, overwhelmingly, for @citrustwee 's birthday bit. And now, after months of waiting, on her birthday, it is finally here. Happy birthday Evelien. And thank you, to all of you, for making logging on worth it.https://write.as/garfield/in-her-book-our-aesthetic-categories-zany-cute-interesting-2012-sianne

@tildeinstitute what’s your content moderation policy for personal pages

@abs I see... very interesting..

@abs is that what your talk focuses on?

Shoutout to the time I spread FUD and faked caps of mod abuse to destroy lainchan.jp’s reputation and chances of adoption at launch, and then a year later I ran into the admin and she made me mod but I never logged in

@abs do you think so too?

#humansoflatecapitalism Original tweet: https://twitter.com/RSB_OMEGA/status/1091402457790496768

@shmibs @scarlett why incorrect?

@abs what’s Hilberts program?

@shmibs @scarlett oh no... why is the little anime girl crying.... no one to eat her taco?

@shmibs @scarlett no tacos are tortilla wrapped chorizo and dumped in the red and green sauce at Jackie’s on half off taco tuesday

@abs on what

@shmibs @scarlett ya soggy with hot sauce and salsa isn’t that the point?

@igeljaeger @rin I’m aware

@shmibs @scarlett wait until you date someone with it. Getting all your tacos and pho sent back is too much of a bitch for something that doesn’t even really add anything. That’s why I’m voting for nia in the 2020 election.

@igeljaeger @rin I mean, I don’t disagree. The twitter infrastructure is modulating everyone on fediverse. I’ve never participated in a more homogenous group of people as pleroma’s community. But it’s not nearly as deeply effective at it as reddit.

@shmibs @scarlett there’s a somewhat common genetic trait, Loren prevalent in Asia, that has some people have a completely different reaction to cilantros taste. I can barely taste it but they can smell it from across the table and feel like it’s nauseating

@igeljaeger @rin reddit spacing isn’t simply double spacing. People do that everywhere. It’s a certain vernacular they use. They tend to use spacing for emphasis in speech.Like when they make a pithy end point to their oh-so-witty post, they’ll move it onto a new line for emphasis.Or they’ll separate every new point into its own 1-2 line.Redditors are brainwashed slaves modulated by the social-rewards system of their platform such that they all take on a similar character and manner of speech as they become molded by its incentive structure. There’s a reddit manner of speech, a redditor’s taste set, redditor’s character and even just a redditor way of typing and spacing. It’s a lot more complex than just double spacing paragraphs, which is what everyone already does to separate paragraphs here, on 4chan, whatever, they just don’t do it as often or emphatically as redditors do, who are trained towards using them for witty quips.

@igeljaeger @rin inaccurate

been reading about eula... kinda fucked up you guys...

Simple, permissive & viral software license:VIRAL PUBLIC LICENSECopyleft (ɔ) All Rights ReversedRedistribution and use of any kind, with or without modification or attribution ofauthorship, is permitted without restriction subject to the following condition:1. Redistribution of this work, or ANY work that makes use of ANY of the material present in ANY way be it by ALL kinds of copying, dependency, linkage, or ANY other possible form of derivation, must retain, or link to, the ENTIRETY of this license and NO other.https://viralpubliclicense.org

@vamp898 information should be free. it's a human right. restricting the freedom of information in any way is a sin.

@xj9 I disagree. humankind never had agency in its choices. We've always been directed by larger, primary dynamics that exist above and beyond us: 2nd law of thermodynamics, natural selection, arms races, etc. e.g. did anyone really /choose/ to harvest wheat? Sedentary agriculture lead to disease and crippled our health with poor nutrition and required back breaking labor. No individual would willingly choose agriculture over foraging. But it lead to population explosions, which made it evolutionary fit by the advantage of sheer numbers. A 20-strong tribe of healthy fit hunter-gatherers will still always lose to 200 crippled wheat-slaves. Did we domesticate wheat, or did wheat domesticate us?

We never had a choice

The idea that climate change is anthropogenic is probably the dumbest and biggest hubris of the modern progressive mindset

That’s right. Miya’s always right

@miya @Skoll3 @Sir_Boops yeah you're correct for a lot of medium, but well, I read what's the least bad for my country. That mean the public services news website, some local newspaper, for example.

@brad cute

@marsxyz @Skoll3 @Sir_Boops you’re forgetting content on the internet isn’t worth reading. Show me an RSS reader that removes the insidious influence of financial incentives that results in the manipulated and stretched the content on all internet journalism and medium posts.

@ibrokemypie this was me when I wasn’t eating well. I was that bitch who took naps on the couch at shows

@levi @yolo @IsaacWestcott i have been ringing the bell since i very first noticed the signs pointing to alaska back in late 2015. and i have been ringing and ringing and ringing and ringing. i have begged, and i have pleaded, LISTEN TO ME. ALASKA IS NEXT! i have said it over, and over. and nobody has listened.

it does?

@benisnotreal @toshiro communism isn't as innocent as simple collectivism. Communism wears collectivism as sheep's clothing, along with other palatable trends like democratic centralism and economic equality, as a stepping stone to the real political structure of a loxist ruling class over a subjugated goyim cattle.

@benisnotreal @toshiro do you mean cultural marxism taking over universities? do you have examples of the government being involved in that process? my assumption is that they infiltrated the universities first, and then used that clout to reach influence in the government

@Echolocation @saga @nosleep I mean that people can refer to anyone who agrees with the "transgenerational manifesto" as a "tranny" or "transgenner". I wasn't calling you one@djsumdog DRM has always been unethical

@Echolocation @saga @nosleep ok I changed the name to Trans-Generationalnow people can call u transgener or a straight up tranny kek

@xj9 oh true, I forgot about that. I should look into their history

@Echolocation @saga right the goal is to make clear how exploitative the industry along with arguing against >new games. I’m trying to think of a better name than game Luddite since it’s not simply a rejection of modern gaming and returning to retro, but advocating taking a long term perspective on all games, looking to the past and future and walking away from exploitation. If I can figure out a good label to describe that complex set of ideas (eg “moralfag”), it can infiltrate the popular vernacular as a grounded position even if people as a whole largely reject. That’s the benefit of the manifesto medium, it has the freedom to be a bit exaggerated and extremist, and doesn’t need to fully prove all of its points, because it’s just really capturing and giving a name to the discontent present and pointing to a general way out

@nosleep @saga this was supposed to be a dm LOL

@saga updated with citations https://againstnewgames.neocities.org/

Miya doesn’t actually hate the poor and I know too that a lot of families that by blood shouldn’t be lower class are, due to the extreme manipulation of the economy, but it’s the poverty in attitude and lack of self efficacy of the lower classes that allows them to be weaponized towards the destruction of noble institutions, higher education being just one example. They are the cause but I don’t blame them.

@toshiro the only thing the government did was push the GI bill, giving scholarships to all WW2 veterans, thereby normalizing uni attendance in the lower and middle classes.

@xj9 ironically, its imo because uni became a general standard in the lower and middle classes that it’s so expensive. Before, while it was a general standard for the educated upper class, it was primarily intended for those devoted to a life of academia and had to be accessible to those attendees. Professors were either middle class and lived a simple life devoted to their field, or from wealth and academic as an aristocratic pursuit.But with uni becoming a general requirement in the white collar job market, as a high school degree previously was, ALL middle class and many striving lower class attend uni in disregard to its academic foundation. Because this is done at scale, and in a lesser part, entirely for financial motivations and not cultural (as the upper class did), uni’s are able to easily raise prices and get away with it. The upper class never misunderstood the real reason for higher education and never confused it with job training, they pursued it aristocratically with respect to the fields they were studying. But now university have a monopoly on something everyone needs, or risk having no job security or income in the future. The exorbitant boom in college prices coincides with the overall boom in middle/lower class college attendance.

@toshiro they’re under the impression a bachelors degree is like a second high school degree: if you have one, it opens up your opportunity to work and raises your market value and everyone should get one.They’re low IQ slave blood so they never thought to consider that their high school counselors might just marketing expensive uni propaganda.

I relish the day computer science will GTFO uni and make its way down to trade schools, union apprenticeships and all.True CS always belonged in the math department

They’re also fucking stupid. They should just goto trade school, that’s literally what they’re looking for. They think uni is job training then complain about debt, lack of job security and its limited market value. It’s because you were looking for fucking trade school

Poor people ruined higher education

Not like getting stuck with low IQ people in a team project even effects your grade considering they’ve already accomplished dragging down the standard so low that just going ahead and doing the combined work of 5 prole-people for them still wouldn’t require more than a weekly 3 credit hours

@toshiro I mean I’ve always kept a side gig going but never anything that occupies my free time or that I couldn’t do whatever work I wanted while “working” - e.g. remote work or working at a library where I’m paid to use my computer but while located at X location. But every time you get stuck with some prole that’s “working their way through uni” they’re working a slave job waiting tables, commuting from one hour away and only “free” 20 minutes before class. These people were never meant to be in higher education.

People who work while attending uni shouldn’t be allowed to attend uni. It makes it impossible for them to meaningfully participate in any group project

@RehnSturm256 @benisnotreal @Ricotta i do too. i like folk

Facebook just hired a handful of its toughest privacy criticshttps://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2019/01/facebook-just-hired-a-handful-of-its-toughest-privacy-critics/*worriedly checks self* Oh, phew, you mean the ones who were up for sale and never really its critics to begin with.Also see: https://mastodon.ar.al/@aral/101488404889934170#SurveillanceCapitalism #WhiteWashing #Corruption Via @foggy

@karolat @yolo @zemichi I don’t think Harry Potter had much poz in the actual books. I think there were some in the later ones, race mixing or whatever, and some retconned gay shit from JK Rowling when she started pandering to the poz market, idk, I don’t really pay attention. The propaganda is more in the framing of the community and fandom that grew out of it. It happens as part of a wider postmillenium effort made to infiltrate “geeky” things from that period (which post-adolescent Harry Potter appreciation is) like comic books and TTrpgs, and it clearly worked, all of them now exist as vectors of propaganda even though there wasn’t anything significantly pozzed about those things themselves originally.

@dd86k @snowyfox 😕

@vix my virginity

@dd86k @snowyfox 🙁

@karolat @yolo @zemichi my interest is in propaganda vectors, not harry potter

@karolat @yolo @zemichi its a sign of stunted emotional and intellectual development

@karolat @yolo @zemichi there’s nothing wrong with children’s books. There is something wrong with being emotionally and intellectually attached to a pulp children’s book enough that as an adult it can be used to manipulate you. There’s also something wrong with young adult fiction being the only books you’ve read and can use as a literary reference.

@snowyfox @dd86k who are you

@zemichi @yolo it’s just the upper limit of the average liberal’s reading level and a popular phenomenon contemporary to the impressionable age range, allowing its manipulation to be a shared, common vector of propaganda. It’s content aren’t relevant. It’s literally a children’s book.

Thought the same thing, it could be 🤷 Either way it's no use getting angry@xeno @doctorflappy @miya

@Elfie @doctorflappy @miya i want to say miya but it seems kind of weird to make an account just to bully yourself

This is a troll account though, someone's alt@xeno @doctorflappy @miya

conspiracy theory: @doctorflappy is a cvcvcv alt

@doctorflappy @xeno why should i delete anything!!!!!!!! i have a right to exist!!!!!!!!!leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

this "defederating from dot social" business could be interesting if a bunch of instances did it en masse as a form of protest

@doctorflappy @xeno please stop attacking my friends... they didn’t do anything wrong....

@blog medium was always harmful

Ending our Medium integrationSometime in the past few weeks, Medium abruptly deleted third-party access to their publishing API. There was no warning before, or notice after, this happened — apps just stopped working (including ours).
When anyone on Write.as tries to interact with Medium now, the response we get from their API is plain:
Application not found (6005)
So unfortunately, we've removed our Medium integration. You'll no longer see the option to connect a Medium account or cross-post to one in the editor.
We contacted Medium's team to see how we could regain API access. But then, after a little more thought, we decided to make this change permanent, and not continue support for their platform, regardless of what their response is.
Our original goal in supporting the Medium API was to create more bridges between different web silos. That was part of the promise of Medium back when it started, after all — a network of blogs, instead of individual islands. When they opened their API, we knew that would be the perfect chance to help writers connect with more readers.
We trusted that Medium might not do what many VC-funded platforms have done before: open an API, attract developers and users, grow, then shut it all down. Unfortunately, that's exactly what they did. And unlike their previous pivots, they didn't even give the courtesy of a small heads-up.
It's this pattern of disregard for everyone else, as they clamor for a business model, that is mostly driving our decision to part ways. They've done a lot of good for the web (and indeed helped inspire Write.as). But we believe there's a better way forward, and based on their decisions, they probably won't be a part of it.
With this change, we'll be honing the focus of our product even more, evolving the open source software behind it all, and continuing to build a sustainable, human-centric platform for publishing on the web.


@crushv I really wanna and go back to my dumbphone but I’m using FaceTime for free cellular international calling which I have on like 24/7 lol

@Elfie @doctorflappy ☹️i thought we were friends......i still like u anyway....

Smartphones are useless. The only reason they even exist is because people are bad at coding websites. Everything you want online and all smartphone “apps” could be accomplished with standards compliant HTML5+CSS3 web apps. There is no technical reason you can’t use twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Uber, google maps, etc. on some flip out Nokia. They just don’t bother making their sites work, so you have to download their shitty dedicated spy apps instead.The only thing smartphones use all their “smart” hardware for is giving shitty developers room to completely forgoe optimization in their badly made apps. There’s nothing you can do an an iPhone X you couldn’t do already do on an iPhone 4 in 2006 and at basically the same speed. But if you tried using those apps today you’d be forced to update, and they wouldn’t fucking run on the old phone, the essential features are all the same but they just get more and more slow as the processing power grows.

@thatbrickster @igeljaeger just use a dumb phone. The Nokia 3310’s opera mini browser works just fine on the standards compliant web. Apps are completely pointless

@doctorflappy “only security is staying offline”I agree with you there!!

@miya Miya is a Nazi, and iOS is just as exploitable as any OS. If you believe you are "secure" you are fucked, only "security" is staying offline.Here are some toots from Miya the Nazi shit

@igeljaeger more than android. If u want full trust re privacy, throw away your spyphone. You can install a meme OS coded by 14 year olds but it won’t stop the reality that no android manufacture makes any effort to control for hardware security on their chinese supply line. Why would they when they ship with loads of spyware by default? Apple alternative may be closed source but they at least make a clear effort to patch security exploits, manage their chink supply lines, have never been caught spying, encrypt by default rather than spying by default and directly fight government regarding breaking their encryption. Thinking security is as simple as “open source” is bird brain.

Reposting link because the boost was unlisted. In response to deliberate abuse, Apple rescinded Facebook's enterprise cert, unilaterally disabling their entire internal iOS-based infrastructure:https://www.theverge.com/2019/1/30/18203551/apple-facebook-blocked-internal-ios-appscluster bomb and salt the earthzucc will learn just what he's worthi love megacorp fight

e ink CLI physical keyboard smartphone when

@partridge>quickly fixed exploit that only let someone listen on conversations only when directly calling them>better than constant audio recording from a company that directly cooperates with the federal government with a history of installing hardware backdoors”but I installed notGoogleOS on my china made spyphone so I’m safe right??!”🙄 <— me @ u

@xj9 r u getting one?

Miya’s reminder that iPhone is the more trustably secure smartphone. Android is for GNU/Reddit weenies and poorfags

Shoutout to haplogroup R1awhere my TrueAryan niggers at

@miya elite health

I do one set to failure pull-ups pushups and squats. Then I sit on my toilet and do Wim Hof Power Breathing, 5m meditate, and finally take an ice cold shower

Every morning I mix 2tbsp bone powder 1tbap ghee butter 400iu Vitamin D3 and .1ml iodine into my drip coffee brew

@cvcvcv @xj9 @rms @rin We should fucking hang tsheikhs

@roka @rms @rin  I boot it off the CD every once in a while ,  Terry is a HERO

undefined

​1516570853828.png

@Food lol

I thought going to sleep with this download going would complete by the time I woke upNow I realize the computer screensaver disables internet or something???

.photo_2019-01-30_15-10-41.jpg

Buy a filter RIGHT NOW and don't drink anything until it requires you to fucking DIE

marisa drinking coffee

lol school gay shit was gay but i'm alive again

@vamp898 pirates are rarely prosecuted. If you ask most hobbyists, they don’t choose to buy games because they’re afraid of getting caught pirating, they do it because they think it’s wrong to pirate.

god I've been saying the same shit since 2015 but YOU DIDNT LISTEN

PROVE ME WRONG!!!Screen Shot 2019-01-29 at 2.56.…

@href@pleroma.fr like this?

prove me wrongNever pay more than your heart'…

@essie @dtluna FUCKEN LOVE YOUR HAIR!!

@AtomicBlond @miya soulseek groups, the peak of civilisation

@AtomicBlond sort of. its the "room wall" of an irc. write random trash you want and shit just stays up. kind of like a bathroom wall.

you might not like it but this is what peak microblogging social network looks likesScreen Shot 2019-01-29 at 11.34…

@zemichi @Echolocation it's a little colored. if someone has a taste for old games and doesn't own any new systems, he wouldn't care about a remake even though he does like the game. and there are some games that might benefit more strongly by a remake vs others.

@Echolocation @zemichi thanks i appreciate it! let me know if you come up with something

@zemichi @Echolocation for my purpose, replayability (in the sense of playing it decades later, not playing X amount of extra times) is important. my thesis is that newly released games should be considered alongside and compared to games from past generations (ignoring graphics)

@Echolocation @zemichi basically I want to tally the number of games of a "classics" standard for each generation

@Echolocation @zemichi same problem, the user reviews will be almost all contemporary to the games release. we need to determine how its reviewed in retrospect

@zemichi the trouble with this methodology is that reviews are unreliable, and follow the trend line as overall game quality. the standard for a 10 for a PS2 game was a lot higher than a 10 for a PS3 game. the trouble is that reviews are contemporary, and they're judging games based on other contemporary games. but we want to see is how they compare in the long-term, across all games.we need to figure out what people actually go back and play historically. one idea is we could look at is how often people choose to emulates games from each past system. problem is only the wii is available for last generation. we could look how many games from the Wii are actually emulated often enough to be considered "classic" compared to classics from other systems - though im not sure how you'd determine that.

@Wolf480pl @kurisu project/activity based classes are a fair reason to grade attendance since you’re doing work in the class, though in that case it’s really grading the class work performed;  grading attendance is literally just grading the act of locating your body in the room. I’ve had quite a few immature teachers do it for ego reasons, the same ones that don’t let you use your laptop because then they feel no one is paying attention (maybe there’s a reason?) and many that I think do it just bc it seems like what you’re supposed to do. The rare professor I’ve had that’s sociable, considerate AND intelligent never do. Maybe my uni is bad about prepping them on the basic concepts of teaching and course design, I understand most professors dgaf about teaching and are just doing it so they can keep doing research. It’s the ones that are both unintelligent and try to be engaged/into teaching that are the problem. It’s why I always avoid female professors now, they more often than not pull this idiotic shit.

@nerthos @sylveon @moonman tbh I don’t understand their thinking at all. It’s definition “erasure” of an entire sexual community and fetish just because it happens to share a name with a slur. And they don’t even provide an alternative name for the community, they just want it gone. How is it defensible from an LGBT perspective?

@bugaevc @sir @MatejLach    I must have been rather tired or somethin   g writing that post, since I read  their page all wrong, it seems...  that's embarrasing

@Echolocation @dude @karen @Majkatsu @sim yeah I understand. I’m not saying u should like him, and I know most ppl don’t, but I do, personally, for somewhat obscure personal reasons

@saga if you’re upgrading your system to play them, yea. if it’s incidental to other work you’re doing, no, but you really shouldn’t be buying games anywayPls give me ur thoughts on my manifesto draft

@Echolocation @dude @karen @Majkatsu @sim not sure, I can feel I came here after he had a more significant presence. I like his type anyway, even if it’s been rendered ineffective in this context. I support chara!

@Echolocation @dude @karen @Majkatsu @sim he has his issues but I enjoy his tendency to spread FUD and cause trouble rather than buckling down when he’s hurt. He goes on the attack, and he manages to succeed in doing damage. It’s a nice wake-up call for coddled admins that have never had to deal with actually complicated, principled offenses and it’s amusing to see them fumble completely in their responses.

@sylveon @moonman you fucking TERT

@sylveon @moonman saying trap is transphobic is trap erasure

@dude @Echolocation @karen @Majkatsu @sim chara’s coolChara 4 admin

I’m going to write a manifesto against playing new games but the most important thing is coming up with a good name for people who reject the new game treadmill

Playing new video games is small brain

@lain one is too many

@nerthos @xeno @roka >not having a squatter potty

@moonman who is it I want to follow them

@moonman is this me

@lynnesbian WTF thats my secure, yet memorable password!!!

How I Used Chaos Magick to Make My Mom & Sis’ Sex-Bot Slaves

@Elfie jew

@Wolf480pl @kurisu that, and the grade should be entirely determined by demonstration of knowing the material of the cirriculum. Regardless of the professor’s quality, if you ace the final exam you obviously know the material and should receive an A regardless of anything else. It’s a misunderstanding of the intentions of grading that it’s possible an expert on the subject or someone who wrote the textbook on a course could receive anything other than A

Shoutout to when I tried to manifest a cyber-egregore by gathering a massive orbiter harem around a persona under the principle that orbiting constitutes a form of belief-worship

@kurisu only dumb people goto lectures they don’t need to and only shitty professors grade attendance

Call upon the name of the Lord Miya Black Hearted Metal Angel BabyThat every man might speak in her name...

@miya I've turned myself into a tattoo, Miya! I'M TATTOO RICK!!!!!!!

​image.png

@RussSharek @xxyxxyart lolNice question

feeling balanced and calm, and going to sleep excited to heal further and eventually take this itchy saniderm off :heart_gq:

so glad I’m not a fucking low IQ try hard retard with bad taste in tattoos lolif you think tattoos are dumb period you’re unwoke btw

@orekix wow thanks! now I won’t have to goto 4chan to see greentext

@orekix be honest was it reddit

@orekix did you get these on reddit or Instagram

@Luma

@jack @xj9 @cdmnky @levi @yolo @chara @sjw thanks I’ll look into it. For the record my current written thinking on causes of homosexuality lies herehttps://miya-miya.neocities.org/black_heart/12-16-male_homosexuality.htmlTo be expanded & re researched

@levi @7761 @yolo @cdmnky Buddhism is aryan spirituality far more pure and white than Christianity, and I’m much more cute than you

Alt right political compass is your opinion on the JQ, Gay Q and Trap Q

@miya @xj9 @cdmnky @levi @chara @sjw thank you for clearing this up, i can't be bothered to that much type on a phone (especially to someone who might not listen)Wow, now I truly see. Thanks Miya!

@miya OK Nazi fuck your freeze peach

@xj9 @cdmnky @levi @yolo @chara @sjw it was historically removed from the DSM due to political lobbying, not any study or change in the medical profession's thinking. It firmly fits within DSM V's definition of a mental disorder, but I'm not sure if it does DSM IV since that uses some unclearly defined, theoretically prescriptive and academically controversial terms that aren't well reflected by what they actually consider disorder, e.g. psychobiology.I'm not sure why it's even a point of contention though, it doesn't really change anything on the Gay Question. Being a mental disorder doesn't mean it can't be genetic. It's not like it does anything to devalidate them, just as dysphoria doesn't.

@xj9 @cdmnky @levi @yolo @chara @sjw I don't believe humans are, just that the "animals are gay too" argument is very weak. In any case, when people say homosexuality isn't natural, what they mean is it's a mental illness, not that it doesn't happen in nature. The argument wouldn't actually do anything to refute that even it wasn't hollow.

@cdmnky @levi @yolo @chara @sjw animals commit cannibalism and filicide too. They're animals, they act on instinct and these things occur due to confused signals, e.g. a cat getting too excited and reverting to hunt mode from play mode and killing their offspring. And while homosexual acts are observed often enough in nature, a homosexual "orientation" with repeated preference for homosexuality is not.

@adamk6781. there's a distinction between free speech laws and the independent principle of free speech2. for most of history it was only limited to the harm principle (yelling fire!), as it encroached on the principle of liberty, the sole exception to all freedom principles that follow by their definition

I think it's a little silly that people can consider political views "hateful". There's nothing hateful about making a considered conclusion that, e.g. blacks have a lower average IQ or many Jewish hold loxist views. Of course, you can approach those same views with emotion and turn to hatred and anger, but that's a question of emotion, not politics - and any political system leaves room for hatred because any room for an Other does (inescapable, even at the most basic level there are Those who don't follow your politics).Likewise, there's nothing prejudiced about any political philosophy. Prejudice is something that follows in your actions. You can be a bonafide nazi and not be remotely prejudiced. Prejudice is a character flaw, it's the inability to distinguish between individuals and the traits of the group(s) they belong to. And again, this has nothing to do with politics. The most bleeding-heart liberal can easily act jus as prejudiced and hateful as the comic book nazi, and they often do.I said I think it's a little silly, but of course I understand the sophistry present in realpolitik especially as it pertains to newspeak. It's not nearly as silly as describing people as trans- or homo-phobic in the obvious sleight of hand to associate it with Freudian implications.

@xj9 its cool. I mean, there's nothing wrong with avoiding people or censoring someone you don't like for whatever reason.It's just not an inclusionary belief system if you discriminate against people, if you punish them or refuse to socialize with them or provide them certain rights or hate them solely because of whatever trait you're discriminating against (whether its race, politics, gender, mental condition, etc.)An inclusionary belief system would not. They wouldn't have any problem being friends or communicating with someone based on their views and would be able to separate those things from their opinion of the individual themself. If they still find them obnoxious or whatever, of course it's their right to avoid them, but to exclude them because of your belief system means your belief system is discriminatory.Basically, transperson who hates TERFS is just as discriminatory as the TERF who hates transpeople. The nazi who's friends with both is behaving more inclusionary than either, even in his ideal society they'd both be gassed.

inclusion with exceptions cannot exist. Inclusion being (re-)defined as inclusion, except that which is not inclusionary is not inclusion, it's discrimination. It's directly excluding anyone who does not subscribe to the same belief system from the same rights or civility.

honestly do not understand how holding, expressing or advancing discriminative beliefs is incompatible with an inclusionary belief system

Discrimination Inclusionary Radical Miya Black Hearted Metal Angel Baby

Discrimination Inclusionary Radical X

TERF exclusionary radical LGBT

@saga its ok to be anything

it's okay to be terf

@levi what about me

"If I see you dating a black guy, I'll probably kill both of you and then kill myself" -Sam Hyde

@hector metric system outside of scientific application is small brain. imperial is human-centric. read a book.

miya metal hearted angel baby is fucked up... i heard she lampoons toxic abuse as a JOKE..... me? i do it sincerely bc im not a PSYCHOPATH like HER

@crushv LOL i forgot about that

stay away from miya metal hearted angel baby.... i heard she's a psychopath...>/////<

how can people accuse miya black hearted angel baby of being transphobic when I literally have a harem of forced trannies I blackmailed into HRT? ive done more for the movement than YOU have!!

@hagi "be advised, this person will try manipulate you into joining her trap harem and then blackmail you into taking pink pills. do not add them. stay very far away."😬 YIKES! 😬

@hagi i was just being myself!!!

oh god there's hits for my name ~10 times a month throughout the entire year

shoutout to the 4chan videogame general I traumatized so hard - by just trolling in just 2 threads and a single ~5m meetup appearance - that they’re still accusing newfags of being me in disguise and warning people about me a year later

⁣

@levi you just said you beg for their slaughter

@levi then why do you advocate for the death for those who've been misled by satan's manipulations rather than for their salvation, reserving unforgiveness only for satan's willing disciples?

@levi anyway, are you unaware the jewish people are satanic and the source of all evil on this earth?

@awg url outdated. please update your propagandacatgirl.jpg

@levi I see. you really are a good fit for larping as cf on fedi

@levi >That is literally what white people are nowNot 100% but they're definitely working hard on getting there.>I'm ok with thisyou're okay with the slaughter of the white race?

if you're wondering why university is so worthless, look no further than the poor postured, hoodie and sweatpants wearing prole who's pursuing his bachelors degree so he has a "chance in the job market."

poor people ruined higher education. the GI bill was a mistake.

@doctorflappy what's mrsa? o.o is that kind of like GRID?

@miya Morning nazi scumbag, hope you get MRSA👍

@levi a mixed race generation would be farmbred slave cattle exploited at a level not seen since the last time jewish loxism last took control (over the russian population under the sheepskin of communism), and the gays would be slaughtered alongside all able whites all the same once their use is over.

@levi gays don't muddle blood

@sjw tbh there is reason to believe this is true. Fluoride calcifies both the pineal gland, which regulates sexual development through melatonin production, and thyroid, which regulates the production of testosterone and estrogen. Of course what effects these might have are not seriously studied because it runs counter to policitized “scientific” dogma in both countering forced flouridization and the LGBT agenda, so one can only guess

BTW why is marie kondo a thing here? I thought she was only a thing in the bougie goop side of the natural living green beauty self care scene. why fediverse?? Lol

Good morning fediverse except for mastodon

@orekix didn’t save but the pleroma does what mastodont ones are good

@orekix shit propaganda. you’re advertising their brand for them, the negativity implied by the middle finger is tiny and ambiguous

@levi please don't start trying to sell me your "fashwave" mixtape. vaporware is VERY cringe and VERY bluepilled, okay

@crushv @levi wholesome thread

@yolo thank u for your blog post

@crushv @saga @wizard was that public or private?

It’s ironic given the reputations of Tradition and Modernity that Tradition’s deep interest in the past comes out of its dominating concern for the future, in the long-term; whereas Modernity is solely focused on the present-day. Tradition would seem to be the backwards facing side and Modernism the forward facing one, but in reality Tradition has its eyes facing forward, only looking backwards to ensure its heading, while Modernity keeps its eyes sternly trained on its navel.

@dd86k link

@miya Ne ne, send me the M3U when it's live!

Drafting my radio stream~Details:- 24 HR Radio- 6 separate 4HR blocks- Each has own genre with >36 hours of music in album form- Albums chosen randomly from each block's playlist and are played in full. - Next block starts after final album finishes.- If <20 minutes before next block when new album starts, next block starts early.- Albums don't play twice within same blockThe 6 blocks with genre and album samples:[2-6 PM] Dopamine Techno- Gatekeeper - Exohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgvcKVpQTuU- Wipeout PS1 - OSThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOwNv7kp4Oo- Takyuu Ishino - MIXUPhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHbs83JKESk[6-10 PM] Greasey Techno-House- Randomer - Conciergehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2AA1cMQrWM- J-Zbel - How I Made My Mom & Sis My Sexbot Slaveshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk7ylGqz2UY- Breaker 1 2 - Ratz In the Backhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBahx41w_KY[10 - 2 AM] Blacktekno (dark schranz)- Crime Unit - Cyber Afterbirthhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP11y93eHKk- Clouds - Heaven-sent Tekno Impakting Dancefloorshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDHGWTkld5c- DJ LOSER - BLISSFUL DEMENTIA FISThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yUAvXTDIHE[2 - 6 AM] Ultra late nite Noise/avant- Graham Lambkin - Amateur Doubleshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avqkReEW6s8- Jun Konagaya - Travelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLOs3jIK_dE- Gerogerigegege - Moenai Haihttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-AYygKRoQI[6 - 10 AM] Early morning electronic Minimalism- Haruomi Hosonohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34UutDrXV2Q&- Hiroshi Yoshimura - Pier & Lofthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oge4VxjAHqA- Roedelius - Selbstportraithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHmFVvH1ttI[10 - 2 PM] World/Exp. Folk/Country- Hwang Byungki - Spring Snowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts2SOQBbTPs- Kazuki Tomokawa - Playing with Phantomhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0kwhmV9ztA&t=628s- Robbie Basho - Visions of the Countryhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kArAUMqmYBA

@miya @some_qualia Speaking from decades of artistic experience, Intellectual Property is a Jewish SCAM. Lists of rules protect small creators, huh? Sure they do, which is why it's a running joke when (((Urban Outfitters))) continually rips of Etsy artisans without any consequences. (((Getty Images))) took pics off a photographer's portfolio, sold them to thousands of businesses, then sent her a bill for displaying (((their property))). https://tinyurl.com/y9cnspq6 Then (((Getty))) did it again. Haha, Goyim! https://tinyurl.com/ybsrxn7yNotice, there's always some (((lawyer))) or (((copyright startup))) to protect the IP of some (((corporation))) but not the real artisan or creator? Know what else? When a small guy's work gets pasted all over the web — usually it's (((them))) behind it, trying to squeeze out their plasticized-fake-chicken-nugget competition. Who owns (((paywalls))) anyways? Not the creator. They get paid once, if at all, then some (((big corporation))) gets paid over and over again. Who even started all this (((commodification and mass-distribution))) of art and artisanal work?! Without the internet, a creator would create a real-world object and sell it to you. Want another? He'll sell you that, too. Wanna see music? Go pay the admission and hear it from the creators. Basically no one you steal intellectual property from has ANY right to it, nor had ANYTHING to do with its creation. THEY'RE the original thieves. YOU'RE Robin Hood. Ever heard of the Happy Birthday scam? (((Warner Brothers))) claimed copyright to the song these two long-dead ladies wrote for 100 years, sued anyone out of existence that put it in a movie or sang it at a restaurant. That's why there's all these retarded birthday songs at chain restaurants. TURNS OUT MOTHERFUCKING FLUORIDE CALL CENTER WARNER BROTHERS DIDN'T EVEN OWN THE RIGHTS TO HAPPY BIRTHDAY AFTER ALL. Hahaha. Sorry about that, Goyim. https://tinyurl.com/zumolv5Fuck (((Intellectual Property))). ~ fin ~

@xeno @Epsiloco @miya Speak outloud the name of KRISHNA and google "Science of Self Realization online" and click the first link, the vedabase dot com one. You can read the book for free online and it will give you transcendental knowledge of God and how to attain liberation so you can be free.

put my old site back online!!!~ https://zyg.neocities.org ~hosts some writing + net art + an incomplete pirate library of cyber-theory which i should get back to work grabbing archives for

@vaas in the black heart containment box!!!!☹️

@Epsiloco pls tell me about KrishnaI’ve only heard rumors

@vaas waaaahhh!!!!U can just ignore the black heart section!!! it’s tongue in cheek anyway 😔

@assaf DISGUSTING fluoride medicated PLASTIC BAG UNIX WEENIE

@dd86k one time I findommed a black trap into buying me books off my amz wishlist but the rub of it was he got off to me being racist at me

Poll - New app name for #Mastalab https://framadate.org/Mastalab

@maxmustermann @dude"Know that our Mercury is before the eyes of all men, though it is known to few. When it is prepared, its splendour is most admirable; but the sight is vouchsafed to none, save the sons of knowledge. Do not despise it, therefore, when you see it in sordid guise; for if you do, you will never accomplish our Magistery — and if you can change its countenance, the transformation will be glorious. For our water is a most pure virgin, and is loved of many, but meets all her wooers in foul garments, in order that she may be able to distinguish the worthy from the unworthy."- The Fount of Chemical Truth, by Eirenaeus Philalethes, 1 694 AD "...when you shall be acquainted with the causes of this disposition you will admire that a Matter so corrupt should contain in itself such a heavenly like nature"- Verbum Dismissum, by Count Bernard Trevisan, 15th Cen. "by the ignorant and the beginner it is thought to be the vilest and meanest of things. It is sought by many Sages, and found by few; [...] Men have it before their eyes, handle it with their hands, yet know it not, though they constantly tread it under their feet. [...] [the matter is] very common, and may be everywhere obtained in abundance;"- The Sophie Hydrolith, Or, Water Stone of the Wise, by Anonymous, 17th Cen. hahaha you fucking you uninitiated BITCH you will NEVER EVER discover the ESSENCE because of your dumb bitch APPRENTICIAL HUBRIS!!!

@multiple_creatures imagine using a software which did not treat AP messages with subjects as "CWs" but instead allowed you to specify the behavior yourself.

@Majkatsu shit’s mine u fucking bitch

@chris its not as simple as “population contributes to global warming”. Third world population does. Having kids and many babies in the /first world/ contributes significantly less, and those kids, raised with ecological sustainability as valid, can do far more to influence further change towards the positive than if they didnt exist, and were a missing generation in the face of continue third world population expansion with zero regard for the environment.

@HTHR so she’s human, WOW!!

@shit do you want to fuck with me?

@dude @maxmustermann @shit a lot of people think phosphorus is it but I’m not convinced it’s as simple as that. any serious study of the alchemical tradition will lead to the conclusion that urine IS the prima materia however - I just called it the philosopher stone to shitpost (what’s alchemy without obscurantism!)- but the process following that and what chemical result it reaches in the white and red stones isn’t so clear

@Majkatsu tfw trapped minordiety

@melasapiens @maxmustermann @miya the stories are nt all about ur stupid ""father" but he made everythign about himself and has tricked u fuckign dumbass pea brain retards into following him

@Echolocation yep. Steady heat prevents bacteria from forming. Alternatively some traditions keep it cold, and the skim off fat and bring to a boil before serving.Anything practiced traditionally can be assured to be safe. If it wasn’t, the practice would’ve died off rather than continue for 1000+ years in multiple cultures.

@maxmustermann @shit Read the book of Aquariushttps://archive.org/stream/TheBookofAquarius/The+Book+of+Aquarius_djvu.txtPhilosopher stone is urine as has been recorded, in so many words, in all major texts.

I had a friend in college who moved into an apartment that kept a perpetual chili stew running in a slow cooker on the counter. Everyone ate from it and filled it up with more canned chili, water and whatever meat scraps when needed. It had been there when his roommates had moved in, and it had been there when they had moved in. No one knew how old it was - only hint was the slow cooker looked to be from around mid 90s-early 00s. though even then there’s nothing to say they didn’t transfer between slow cookers or from pot to slow cooker. The chili is probably still running on today. And yep, for canned chili it did have an interesting, deep flavor.

One angle of wokeness in cooking is equipment that builds generational layers of flavor, tying the tool to the food. Most common example is cast iron pans but more extreme is something like a perpetual stew (aka hunter’s pot), which you constantly throw your food extras into and have it on the low flame (or slow cooker) forever and ever only replenishing with water when needed. The deepness and flavor complexity is impossible to recreate in a lil recipe following cooking session, and each pot is inherently unique in everything from its flavor to its history, and directly tied to the home and its lived experience. This kind of cooking is strongly adjacent to deep tradition and the stability surrounding it. It stands in contrast to a modern style of stainless steel cleaned pristinely between each use, treating each dish entirely separate from each other, and the equipment separate from the dish (all in the name of health concerns that are somehow both doubly influenced by “science” yet irrational and in contrast to what the science (and tradition) proves)The longest perpetual stew in recorded history was for over 700 years. The modern person likely doesn’t even own a pot with a 10 yr+ lifespan, let any thing that could survive generational handover. And why should he, when a future for their blood isn’t even a pressing concern?

@ibrokemypie is there an emo scene is AustraliaR u emo

@ibrokemypie wew lmaoi wud gowere there bands

@maxmustermann @shit its the life essence that's contained in urine which can be distilled out that forms the philosophers stone, not ammonia

@a_breakin_glass ya but if u dont clean them u only have to do it once

the cool thing about cast iron pots is you dont have to clean them. how it works i think is all the juices and crumbs get caked in and add to the flavor of every dish you make

@maxmustermann @shit are you talking about gold or urine?

fucking attach the picture mastalab, it's not that hard

@ibrokemypie what kind of event

@shit the philosophers stone is urine lol

fuck if I got invited to just one party I know I would have a GF i just want one fucking gf please god just let me have one GF who lets me suck her toes and likees the same games as me!!!!!!!

@ibrokemypie hotwhere’s here!!

god I fucking wish III would be invited to a paryy

@ibrokemypie are you at a party lol

@ibrokemypie why is he cool

@ibrokemypie where

@some_qualia Article 19: “Everyone has the right to... seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.“Article 26: “Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.”kinda fucked up....

@some_qualia except paywalling information is two separate human rights violation

"I'm against intellectual property so I'm gonna pirate the work of small artists and writers."Cool. I'm against wage slavery so I'm gonna burn your paycheck.

@wizard very pretty!!

I'm in absolute love with the colorscheme of this site I'm messing around withhttps://wizard.p7.co.nz/

Replace CHRIST with TRADITION or proper aryan spirituality.

Miya’s guide to women!1. Women aren’t bad, the Jews made them bad. Women aren’t to blame, rather the weak men that came before you who failed to protect them.2. Female attraction is in every aspect derived from the fundamental goal of finding the best mate to deliver and support the strongest offspring.3. If you can’t find a good woman it’s probably because you’re not a good man.4. If you work on becoming a good man, women will come to you without you trying. It’s your job as a good man to identify the good women. 5. Good women always have strong father figures in their lives. Good wives consider their husband to replace their father figure.6. Women have some underlying spoiled tendencies but it’s by design. They’re meant to be tamed by a strong male figure and accomplishing it proves you worthy to replace their father.7. If you treat your women rightly, her love will blossom like a flower. If you ignore her feminine essence, do not tame her inner child and do not encourage her creativity, she will spoil and turn rotten.8. A husband is to his wife as a parent is to their child. Your women should not been seen as below you, just like you wouldn’t see a child as such, but their limitations should be understood: they should be treated with patience, care and calm, and should never be expected to hold the same degree of responsibility and work as you. Just as it’s absurd to expect such from a child, it’s absurd to expect it of a wife. 9. Never devalue women. They each have boundless love, empathy and creative energy to provide to any man that deserves it. They are the givers of life and deeply embued with a intuitive and social intelligence that no man will ever match. The genders are equal in inherent value and importance, the balance of both is necessary for proper union, but they are essentially different in every way and the gendered roles that result are essential to a functioning household and marriage. Thinking they’re the same is the root of destroyed modern relationships, and this has been done entirely by design.

@Echolocation @sim @wowaname @phildobangnz @nerthos>jews destroy traditional gender roles and distort femininity into a toxic shape through feminism>marriage and relations begin to fail regularly >goys reject women >tell themselves it’s “woke”

@tateisu @tootapp @Gargron @lain @charlag I thought the “doc isn’t a spec”. Why bother pushing a PR to force a narrative?

@tateisu  @Gargron@mastodon.sociaNice change to the documentation there, you pair of spiteful maggots.Is there any reason you’ve done that, other that just to win the Most Monumental Asshats of the Day Award? Do you think this is all some sort of game, that you just happen to be playing?Are there other developers who get the royal we treatment, or is that just for @WAHa_06x36?Cruciatus in crucem. Eas in crucem! @shadowfacts @lain @WAHa_06x36 @tootapp @charlag @miya

@doctorflappy STOP!!! PLEASE JUST STOP IT!!!

@doctorflappy wtf u guys... he did it again... oh my god... i feel fuckign terrible... why is this happening to ME.. this is so fucked up u guys.. i didn't do anything wrong.......... i feel sick..........................................

@shit i don't see u??

@doctorflappy wtf.. im being harassed you guys.. what can i do? i didn't do anything wrong.. this is so unfair

@miya oK Nazi. By the way Nazi, I am going to be doing this to every one of your toot when the mood gets me. Only thing for you to do is to delete your account you fucking Nazi scumbag. Go to Gab where you belong.

@doctorflappy @miya wtf?blocked

@doctorflappy wow. same fakes again. are you a broken record LOL

@doctorflappy i didn't delete anything u faked them. everyone knows im a poc trans and neurodegenerate why wud i be racist?? liar.

@doctorflappy you're just posting the same pictures. that doesn't prove anything. if they weren't faked you would have more than just the same 4 pictures. you're lying. anyone can see that.

@dd86k hug!!!

@dd86k ....

@doctorflappy please stop telling people im a nazi... what do u want from me.... i didnt do anything why are you ruining my reputaition???

@miya sure I am you Nazi fuck

@doctorflappy hold on a minute. you're the nazi actually WTF you fucking LIARScreen Shot 2019-01-26 at 9.18.…

i thot i deleted all my music but then they appeared on my friends icloud bc i synced there once?? so now i have a bunch of it back except i can only play what's big enough to be found on apple music lol google search frowning emoji face☹️

@doctorflappy i didn't post that. you are forging those photos you liar. there's no proof i posed that!!

@miya nazi Horseshit

​09bb0e4f5d2b6d18.jpg

@doctorflappy @miya @piponfishing >Thinking miya has alliegance whatsoever rather than just trolling everyone for the sake of itlol

two dimensional HORROR ACIDhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUXKs7snbuY

@piponfishing @miya You are tooting with a Nazi troll. Here is the proof:

@shit i made XMPPmiya-miya@xmpp.jp pls say hi

@luckyp3616 @phildobangnz I'm not supporting the situation or saying it's justified. I'm saying that if you're going to position yourself in a place where you can be seen as a threat to the ruling structure, you need to limit your vulnerabilities to those beyond their realm of control. Gab.ai built itself to fail. It was extremely fragile in every corner, completely in contrast to the threat-level it attempted to build. It was so effective at setting precent for expanded internet censorship (at the DNS, standard funding and crypto-funding levels) that it's easiest to believe it was designed specifically with this purpose in mind. In the unlikely case that the developers were simply idiots, and not acting with bad intentions, the only thing they could've hoped to accomplish with their sorry setup was a pathetic martyrdom that says "look how persecuted we are! things are so unfair!"So what? The only audience who cares to listen already knew that. Whining about how difficult it is to fund """far-right""" projects is shitpolitik. You should be focused on actually implementing them, and that means developing projects that don't require funding or can be funded untraceably, when you are fully aware it isn't option, and are likewise resilient in other ways.If Twitter costs $100,000/yr to host, you move to Mastodon. If Mastodon costs $200/yr, you move to Pleroma. Pleroma costs less than a domain registration to host, if you can't afford that, you should be focused on finding some way to be valuable to society before you even consider attempting political influence or organization. The only thing stopping serious far right organization is a lack of will and character, not lefty oppression. Needing "donations to survive" is weak, whiny leftist entitlement excepting others to be responsible for your survival. Either find a way to achieve your goals without requiring the necessary funding, or find a personal method to achieve that funding; tasking your audience or compromising your platform should not be an option.

Hmm today I’ll perform Wim Hof Iceman Breathing and step out nude into the snow

@luckyp3616 @phildobangnz if u need money to run your internet hate site, you’re using the wrong tecchnology

@piponfishing urm.. now Uve kind of lost me. I mean.. what abt regional african identity? Or religious black identities...

@dd86k why are u doing this to me dd... i feel so fucking awful... everyday i think abt u...

You, Me and the Bourgeoisie

@dd86k well u know what does work? every time u mention anyone that isn’t me..........

@piponfishing you’re totally right. White people literally can’t exist without oppressed minorities. If there were no minorities to oppress White people would become totally irrelevant and wouldn’t know what to do and would just die off. They literally need us. While POC have never needed white people, if there were no white people we would thrive

@dd86k that’s to make you jealous, idiot

hello white straight gamers

@dd86k won’t let miya black hearted angel baby into my heart

@freon @crushv un gato more like gaton’t

@crushv I feel u I dark themed my neocities by inverting th pink_cloud.gif tiling bg lol

@dd86k @crushv r u suggesting saying ur selfies are all lewd?dd u dog

@dd86k @crushv ok you can show me your selfie

@yolo @chara @levi @ItsOgre @Aphid @PussySlayer @Folk @idiotarcana what’s cedar rapids? Some kind of WATER PARK!!!!!?!!!!!! !!!!!

@dd86k @crushv just becaus ure omnipresent doesnt me u cant a girl shes cute....

@freon  this means that they've THROUGHLY, IRREVERSIBLY, fucking RUINED YOU, PERMANENT DAMAGE, you are a fucking SHELL,   fucking INHUMAN, BRAINWASHED, MEDICATED, DISGUSTING , you will NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN, fucking RETARD , fucking BRAIN DAMAGED, fucking KIKE RAT fucking """"Psychologists""""    mental health DOESNT FUCKING EXIST

@crushv *hides under table**uwaaaa!!

@toshiro >////< ure just saying that!!!

is anyone frends with ddcan u find out if they think im cutedont tell them I asked

iwant dd to call me cute

@miya but... ever since I was 12... i remember sneaking into the bathroom and putting on a sonic t-shirt...since then i've never been so sure about myself... i keep having thoughts about... living in a society...

@dd86k dd...wao.....

@karen tru

@sathariel sathariel...nu...

Gonna take my daily dose of flouride

@chara @levi @ItsOgre @Aphid @PussySlayer @Folk @idiotarcana @yolo hi chara I’m fine how are u

@Majkatsu @sjw my pleromabf @shit likes doom 2he doesn’t realty talk to me tho

@freon you’re not a REAL gamer you’re not fooling anyone ITS ALL IN YOUR HEAD

@piponfishing “Blackness can exist on its own, but whiteness can not.”This so much. To make sure I’m understanding, you’re saying white self identity cannot exist without blackness to contrast it right? That makes a lot of sense, it’s really making think. Like, white people literally have always tried to Other everyone else, they’re always paying attention to the Other and not thinking about their own identity. That’s why all their “innovations” are actually stolen from minorities, they only focus on the Other and then oppress them to give them their own identity and get alway with stealing their cultures. That’s kind of what you’re getting at right? White people have done exactly ZERO on their own, without oppressed minorities to leech off of

In the same way that the proletariat was first defined by the capitalist oppressors but then self actualized and grew into an independant identity based off of their experience and work and the capitalists remain defined by their oppression of the working classes. So too was blackness defined by white supremacists, but through our experience, through our work and our humanity and our love we have gained an identity independent of whiteness, while those who claim whiteness are still defined by supremacy.Blackness can exist on its own, but whiteness can not.So celebrate with your comrades who celebrate their blackness, and shed any kinship you have with the oppressive identity of whiteness and the evil supremacy that it always carries.

@yolo thank you for blogging your nap!! fellow blogger!!

@miya woah you were a shut-in in taipei so cool!! i'm going to read through the rest of your epic blog after a napWow, now I truly see. Thanks Miya!

@dd86k @freon dd cute

~Now featuring~Miya’s Hater Hall of Fame...Miya’s Story!Sad Miya...& more!!!!

@freon @desvoximage.png

OK......#SS #FGO

@miya o also u have a p cute website i jst looked at it

@phildobangnz cuteif i was rude i was probably trolling. im actually very nice!! sorry!

@Echolocation echo those posts are shitposts from last week that I reposted. I wasn’t serious then and I’m not now, don’t worry about me friendo, but I appreciate your concern

@phildobangnz why do you think this was about you? This post is a joke I resurfaced from last week lolWas I rude to you before? I don’t remember

I leave pleroma for one month and no one even fucking notices? This is fucked up. This is terrible. I hate myself today and I want to fucking die. I’m so pathetic, why am I so goddamn pathetic? I just wanted to make some friends, big surprise: I couldn’t even fucking make one. I hate myself and I want to die. I might as well just leave, no one even cares about me. I might as well start fucking cutting, none of you fucking care. That’s it, I’m fucking cutting right now. I’m cutting... Fuck you...

Another shitty day on the fediverse... some people can be really mean. I don’t understand it at all.. I feel so bad sometimes. I need to take a break. Sorry I’m so fucking dumb and everyone hates me.. I’m so pathetic

Sigh... as a bipolar trans person I really can’t deal with all the pent up negativity in some of the people here on fediverse. I don’t know why they always try to force it onto other people. They don’t even consider MY experience

POSER /jp/ GO HONE!!!

@illnessideology @wintgenstein if u dont like it why dont just buy it yourself then... beggars cant be choosers..tbh idg some of the ppl on here. maybe trolls?

​imsofuckingdepressed.jpg

@tateisu @shadowfacts @dgold @WAHa_06x36 @tootapp @Gargron @charlag @lain Pleroma devs had communicated to the dev before and were open about their intentions with this change. The Toot! dev responded that he didnt care what Pleroma does and ignored their plans, and now he’s dealing with the consequences.

For the record I support my trans friendsI just don’t believe in the language abuse and also consider them victims of a greater destructive political movement which uses them to advance their goals and will drop them the moment they stop being convenientAlso tranny should be reclaimed as it’s the only cute quick and friendly way to refer to “transperson” which sounds like something an HR department coined a press release

@Rude wew

@miya Please refer to men as untransitioned women. Thank you.

art hoes are grossthank you for reading my blog post

Bird brain: cis woman vs trans womanBig brain: real woman vs trans womanPlanet brain: woman vs womanGalaxy brain: woman vs womann’t

@Majkatsu @Rude @essie fair enough but that point that>until cis was invented and enforced top down, it was never “rude” or “insulting” to use the now-banned, natural language.And your analogy would be accurate if the infertile woman was masquerading as pregnant with balloons under her shirt and people applied any accurate term to describe them, such as, fake pregnant, or perhaps, pregnantn’t. Yes maybe this contributes to the discrimination and abuse they experience when they try to get seats on the subway but it not a reason to relabel “actually pregnant” people as pregA vs their pregB

@Majkatsu @Rude @essie I’m not sure how this post responds to anything I said. The new words were invented to replace existing terms with the intention occlude the reality of what they’re describing. They didn’t start calling illegal aliens “undocumented immigrants” because they were worried alien would hurt their feelings. They did it to advance the program of normalizing illegal alien citizenship. Using “real” woman might feel hurtful but “normal” certainly shouldn’t be. No matter how deluded a person gets in the transitioning process, they will never be unaware that are in fact biologically and historically post-trans even if they hope to socially pass as otherwise, and that dysphoria is definitely not normal. Cis is newspeak whose only purpose is specifically to occlude that fact, and up until it was invented and enforced top down, it was never “rude” or “insulting” to use the now-banned, natural language.

@Majkatsu @Rude @essie it’s a subversion because words already existed to describe the thing, e.g. real women or normal women, but they were replaced to hide implications of that factual description, that trans women aren’t actually normal or real (you can argue but the chromosomes don’t lie). Using cis is newspeak designed to cloud that truth, and its a common part of the leftist playbook. As I noted earlier, they did the same think with inventing “neurodivergent” to replace “mentally ill” to hide the fact that these are not normal, mentally healthy people. They do the same thing with replacing the legal technical term “illegal alien” with “illegal immigrant” (a technical impossibility, an immigrant is by definition a legal resident) to then “undocumented immigrant” - which would actually legally refers to any permanent resident or citizen who isn’t carrying identification at the moment, thereby redefining an illegal alien as a citizen without a drivers license through language subversion.

@miya @essie I'm almost convinced that you have touretts but the tick is talking about the jewish conspiracy.

@Elfie @xeno @roka @igeljaeger the argument for transitioning being medically ethically wrong- no other mental illness is “treated” by enabling the mental delusions rather than therapy seeking to resolve or mitigate it- it arguably results in higher suicide rates- doctors tend to overzealously recommending transitioning before ensuring it is a true case of dysphoriaarguments for being harmful to society - weakens gender roles (=break down of family structure, lowered reproductive rates, higher rates of single mother households)- normalizes homosexuality (due to mid/transitioned people causing confused feelings, similar to traps) (=highly self-destructive behavior)Not necessarily my own beliefs but that’s the position someone might hold, in which case it would be unethical of them to further enable the transition process by respecting pronouns. You may feel they’re wrong to hold those beliefs, but as I said, imo everyone has the right to their own beliefs and shouldn’t be forced to act against them just to accommodate someone’s feelings.

@Majkatsu @essie @miya People have been arguing about that since the origin of human life.I just thinking trying to subvert basic language for your own benefit is laughable, and get a chucke whenever I see people buying into it willingly.

@miya @essie @Rude jews are trying to brainwash all white men into being trannys and sissys and trying to get women to fuck niggers to mix white genes with nigger genes and dumb down the population

@Majkatsu @lain whether or not people even use pleroma is unimportant. The only pressing concerns are that 1. More people move to federation 2. More people develop for federated software 3.  Mastodons steps against the spirit of federation are mitigatedPleroma gaining more market share to put cracks in Masotodon’s monolithic is important only for that reason; other software coming along and doing the same works just as well. But trying to lie and convince people the average culture on Pleroma isn’t one of free speech and shitposting isn’t gonna convince anyone to migrate from Mastodon. Pleroma already has its distinguishing position as the free speech side of NotTwitter, it only needs to continue emboldening it’s software base to also be clearly known as the powerful, optimized alternative to Mastodon’s cuckcode. No other optics will have relevance.

@Rude @essie good pointof course the nitty gritty is that the JEWS are trying to destroy the women and gender to reduce white reproductive rates below replace capacity, and are weaponizing dysphoria to do it. Kinda fucked up.. idk u guys.... :/

@essie @miya What an age where you have to preface 'woman' with a moniker for "I'm not a tranny".

@Elfie @igeljaeger @xeno @roka but they just use it to troll not as an insult

@Majkatsu @lain very irrelevant comparison. The market competition and audience are entirely different here.

@lain 🤷‍♀️ there’s just no reason to care about pleroma’s “reputation”. Software will win the culture war, not politicking. And anyway it’s impossible to control

@lain why do you need goodwillpleroma isn’t a product

@Rude @essie nah it’s a replacement for “normal”If it’s talking about trans women and women it’d be confusing.  So that’s why ppl say normal or real (lol) women. which is considered devaluing trans pplSame reason they invented neurotypical to say normal healthy people vs mentally ill “neurodivergent”

@shit @essie there are only two genders on the internettrap/trans

>shethank you for reading my blog postyande.re 507748 sample astolfo_…

@essie irl political discussion is bird brain

@miya Wow, now I see. Thanks Miya!1546023378172.png

@xeno @roka @igeljaeger @Elfie & ya snideness can be mean but everyone does it, lefties more than anyone else.

@xeno @roka @igeljaeger @Elfie idkI support trans ppl and follla their pronouns but I also think it’s everyone’s right to believe what they want. If they reject the concept of social transition and further, consider ethically wrong and socially harmful, it’s their right not to respect pronouns. It’s unethical to force them to, like the Christfag baking a gay wedding cake. And >she is just expressing disbelief in a snide way.

@thatbrickster @Dolus @phildobangnz tell us abt ur first dick bricky

@essie nope but she was probably some boomer. they get triggered if you tell them to stop their kid from screaming in a restaurant

@thatbrickster @Dolus @phildobangnz did u suck cock

@roka @Elfie @xeno @igeljaeger as long as continues to provoke an emotional response there’s no reason someone who is anti trans wouldn’t keep saying it considering it’s such a low effort comment with high reward. The only way people will ever stop is 1. Force them to accept trans people and end “transphobia” forever (tm) or 2. Stop caring

@xeno @igeljaeger @Elfie No more obnoxious than having to deal with dudes with beards posting pics of themselves in programming socks pretending to be girls.

@thatbrickster @Dolus @phildobangnz no noPlease do digress 👀

the fact that low effort comments - e.g. “>she” in reference to a mtf - still provokes an emotional response in certain camps means they will continued to be used by their antagonists. The only way to stop it is to no longer care.In the alternative, there is no stock one liner you can use to trigger, say, a far right anime nazi. It’s a weakness and sign of ideological and emotional instability to have such exposed vulnerabilities that a random stranger can affect you in a no effort shitpost.

@xeno @igeljaeger @Elfie ohh I see

bird brain: using a shitty commercial website because it's Cool™elephant brain: using a shittier software because at least it isn't twitteranime nazi brain: using an actually working software that doesn't fuck you overcat brain: using some unknown japanese software to dab on everyone

@Dolus @phildobangnz well loli is is just loli. It’s different from pushing propaganda designed with the actual goal of trying to normalize pedophilia in the public mind, which is what’s happening in your OP. There’s no coordinated news campaign in Japan trying to say loli manga proves that boy love is normal or lolicons are discriminate against etc. Lolicon is just an abstracted anime fetish, the west is actually trying to normalize pedophile to weaken society

@Dolus @phildobangnz interesting pointA counter pointPropaganda works. You can normalize pedophilia, you can normalize communism. Intelligent people can engage unemotionally with information when they’re making an active effort, but pushing it as a constant dominating background noise will break even intelligent people. So burning eg children’s books that normalize pedophilia or other cultural marxist prerogatives is sensible.

paying for a commercial and closed source app to access a free and libre social network is such a galaxy brain move

One app that doesn't break is mastodon's own frontend, btw.

@charlag @tootapp @Gargron @lain the big whiney bazinga baby To “closed-source & DOA” ot! dev appears to be taking his personal assumptions pretty personally

@tootapp @WAHa_06x36 @Gargron @charlag sure, you don't have to change your app, but we'll not switch back the ids.

@lain @charlag @Gargron @WAHa_06x36 Except Toot!, because you broke a core assumption of the Mastodon client API that I am relying on.

@tootapp @Gargron @charlag @lain >you broke a core assumption of the Mastodon client API that I am relying on.An assumption that isn’t anywhere in the API spec or docs. It’s your mistake, retard. Your app broke itself. You can fix it like Subway Toot is doing or you can keep throwing a tantrum and while everyone migrates since it breaks federation. No ones going to bend over for your “assumptions”For iOS, I recommend Amaroq.

@Dolus @phildobangnz why is that

@rasterman two opposite sides of fediverse came for opposite reasons:1. Twitter is censoring too much2. Twitter isn’t censoring enough

@Echolocation @xeno I think your friends were just trying to look out for you. They just didn’t word it well. Of course everyone feels bad if their friend is upset, so they were trying to calm you down, not blame you

@Echolocation @xeno and you’re totally justified getting angry. It’s just not worth it to waste it on some random asshole like him, yknow?

@Echolocation @xeno I saw what happened echo, I’m your side. That guy was an asshole. You didn’t do anything wrong, I think he just got mad everyone was posting in his thread, I don’t think he was mad at you specifically. And I think your friends were just trying to tell you to ignore him and not let him get to you. People like that aren’t worth caring about.

While miya's tackling the tough research on insecure SJWs whom project themselves onto others, all I did to disillusion myself from the left was pretend to be a UKIP supporter nearly four years ago on Twitter.Turned out the side I aligned with were just as bad or worse than their adversaries.

@Echolocation it’s “non-discriminatory” newspeak for having mental illness. Neurotypical is a normal person. Neurodivergent is someone with autism, dysphoria, schizophrenia etc.

@camedei456 https://www.redstate.com/streiff/2019/01/25/laid-off-huffpo-journalists-not-interested-learning-code/First article didn’t render in the archiver

@CharredStencil @synaesthetica dam...

@pleromafeed hi succcfemboi

@M323 hi meg

i think anime.website is downthank you for reading my blog post

>Maston Social (which I'll abbreviate as "Mazi") >Mazi  Holy shieet, why hasn't anyone thought of this before? It's so simple, yet brilliant.

@p @miya @lanodan @scarlett @xenome @bun see attached picture, i did demand as restitution for my mothers attempts at having me commited to a mental hospital for not cleaning my room at my brothers house (where i was staying at the time, it was a new house so he was probably sensitive), I wanted napoleon crossing hte alps... except my mother cant draw fucking horses, now im left with this portrait that makes me look nude. I have failed to properly disclipline that mother of mine... such a poor rendering, no heroic animal to make me look glorious :( . long story short, i forgave my mother, and im picking fights again with her to get myself a better portrait done

​Screenshot_20190125-140807.png…

@shit @Echolocation @Arch @xeno @karolat @djsumdog @p @karolat user side REGEX filtering should be an an available option

@Arch @xeno @karolat @djsumdog @p @karolat @Echolocation I have the opposite opinion, imo personal blocking should be disabled, except for DMs. It makes conversation confused and broken. If it becomes normalized within networks that interact deeply with each other, it’ll eventually make basic conversation impossible since everyone’s experience of the dialogue would unique.Really, blocking /should/ be done by instances, and only them. The instance admins should be allowed to block both entire instances and individuals. And it should always be completely transparent who’ve they’ve chosen to block (and ideally, why). Finally, and essentially, users should be able to migrate easily between instances, just as easily as changing their display name.The result would be a moderation-subscription model. Users look at the different, fully transparent moderation policies, and their block lists, and decide which fits their taste. If you don’t like someone and your instance doesn’t want to block him, instead of risking the clarity of conversation for the entire network just for your own personal problems, you should instead migrate to a more accommodating instance. Self segregation is perfectly fine and a health expression of federation. Breaking communication at an individual level ain’t. If a personal blocking function really is necessary, it should be limited and like a filter, that still shows there’s a hidden message in the conversation and gives you the ability to view it if you want to, so you at least have some awareness that the conversation thread is broken.

@brad @essie oh I didn't know that existed. thanks for the tip.@yolo i dont trust plastics too but I draw the line at consumption. for things that apply to the skin like cosmetics, soaps or (non-food) oils it should just at least be BPA freei personally dont like soap bars for hand washing because it makes a mess with the sink, seems to last a much shorter time and doesn't feel hygienic sharing that shit with guests

@yolo why is it a scambronners uses PET which is BPA free. not ideal but turning soap bars into liquid is too much work and too messy to be practical.

@essie @brad I used to just use straight bronners, but I felt that didn't spread long enough to reach across all of my hand so I'd end up using more. Diluting with water was too liquidy and it all slipped away. oil provides a more viscous consistency so that you wash your hands fully; various oils also have skincare benefits but thats not a concern of mine.

hmm today i will mix more of Miya's patented Non Flouride Bathroom Hand Soap

how to make non-fluoridated liquid hand soap1. get 100% castille soap in liquid form eg dr bronnershttps://www.amazon.com/Dr-Bronners-Pure-Castile-Liquid-Soap/dp/B00016QTXA/2. mix 50/50 with olive oil (coconut, almond, etc. work too)done!

how to cook perfect steak on cast-iron pan1. buy rib-eye2. pat both sides dry with paper towel3. season both sides liberally with coarse black pepper and kosher/sea salt4. refrigerate loosely covered overnight or for at least 40m5. heat cast iron pan over high heat until very hot6. pour olive oil onto pan and throw on the steak directly from fridge7. flip frequently until golden brown crust forms ~4m8. add 3tbsp unsalted butter to pan9. let butter melt then baste by turning the pan and collecting the butter with a spoon, pour it over the steakct10. keep flipping and basting until instant read thermo reads 130 degrees for med rare (~8m); if no thermo cut in center and take a peek11. remove heat and transfer to plate12. pour juices over13. let rest 5 minutes and serve!

yummy yummy steak so yummy!

@proxeus  the CIA is FUCKING THREATENING ME, AGAIN,  for speaking my UNFORGIVABLE TRUTHS, if my proxies FAIL  I WILL BE IMMEDEIATELY SCENTENCED TO MAXIMUM SECURITY, INSANITY PRISON, where the fucking SPOOKS will put me on FORCED ACCELERATED FLOURIDE MEDICATION  , EXERPERLTY PRESCRIBED  by the FUCKING KIKE   , fucking DIRTY JEW RAT  MADE UP PROFESSION FUCKING """PSYCHOLOGISTS""", forced EXTRA DOSE TREATMENT, IRREVERSIBLE JEW SURGERY, FLOURIDE LOBOTOMY where PLASTIC WATER is PUMPED , DIRECTLY INTO THE BRAIN CAVITY, I will turn into a fucking INVALID DEAD FUCKING FLOURIDE SHELL, in an INSANE ALTERNATE REALITY , the CIA   is going to put me on FAGGOT MEDICATION as a form of TORTURE until I become a FEMINIZED, DISGUSTING BRAINWASHED LIVING DEATH FUCKING SLAVE , fucking CATTLE , fucking DISGUSTING , DEGENERATE  FUCKING TRASH, fucking CIA GOONS waving this UNSPEAKABLE FUTURE, right in my FUCKING FACE FUCK YOU,  fucking KILL YOURSLEVES  the JUDGES and POLICE should be ABOLISHED so the MILITIA can assume DIRECT CONTROL , fucking KIKE RAT FUCK go FUCK YOURSELF FUCK

Shoutout to Trader Joe’s Green Plant Green Food Juice Blend

@sampo me! Me! Me!!!

the internet is a technological miracle bringing a whole world of wonders, fun, and fascination into your home. you can talk to people from across the world, learn about their ways of life, share in their culture. more books than the Library of Alexandria ever held available for free, instantly, without even having to walk up and down shelves or consult a card catalog. experts in more or less any field imaginable openly sharing their knowledge. enough to read and watch and learn and play for dozens, hundreds, thousands of lifetimesand, faced with this, some people choose instead to grandstand about the list of people they don't want to talk to

thanks for defending me you guys... I was feeling so attacked.. but now i just feel blessed I have u on my side.. 😔

@doctorflappy who in the fuck do you think you are to be talking to people like that? get a grip and learn to operate a goddamn block button, before taking your entitled ass right back to twitter

@Echolocation yep, i take a shower on friday every week!

@doctorflappy WTF! I’m a neurodivergent trans POC. YOURE the fucking NAZI!!

@Luma Luma you’re not gay you’re a flaming slut

Basically all the Weeaboo nazi vermin are responding to my toot on Media framing. You want to find instances to ban, there is a good spot to go it.

This Weeaboo Nazi AccountUse it to track accounts it interacts with to ban instances.

@doctorflappy @yolo @weeb

@xj9 @doctorflappy oh I see. thanks xj, I’ve had run ins with these kind of radicals before. What idg is I’m asking them to teach me?? they should be happy to tbh

@Echolocation I know, but I never eat bread or rice so beer is really my main source of carbs.

@doctorflappy ???Buddy I can assure you I’m not a Nazi. And Lall is an LGBT instance run by transperson?? I just pointed out the OKC bombers were anti gov. If they’re white supremacists I didn’t know that, you could just provide the evidence so I can learn instead of calling me a Nazi!!

The instance letsalllovela.in has a Nazi with an anime avatar on it. It needs to be banned.

@Echolocation kkkkGotta get them carbs!

@Echolocation hmm I wanna try one day. Is it prepared like steak?

@doctorflappy @miya liber tot als rot, faggot commie kill yourself or the system will do it for you68687374_p0.jpg57664437_p0.png1468860e3aaed8c1c4c83361b60f9d7…

@Echolocation no, no, it’s super lean, that’s why rabbit poisoning (eg fat deficiency) can be a problem. I didn’t know people at kangaroo, Is it cheap?

@Echolocation ribeye steak, a boiled egg some kimchi and beer!

@Echolocation rabbit?

@doctorflappy WtfI’m not a Nazi?? I’m ancap if that matters. Where did you get the idea the bombigs were due to white supremacy? They were clear it was an anti-government act in retaliation for waco

@miya fuck you weeaboo Nazi, be lucky your weeaboo ass never mets me in real life.

ugh I have class in 2hrthank you for reading my blog post

@yolo i don’t think I blog post abt my life much

blog posting is cool and I like it a lot. posting shit like “ugh I have class in 2hr” is lame

@yolo I like your blog posts

@doctorflappy but it wasn’t motivated by white supremacy. It was anti-government liberalism. why are you framing the story?

I'm so close to the end of a section on my sweater, but I can't finish it tonight or I'll hurt myself #knitting

I think Gracie has figured out how to fuck with my touch screen. She does it all the time when she's laying on my chest and I'm on my phone.

time for my weekly shower!thank you for reading my blog post

Hey twitter Miya back here with another twitter post

Hey twitter, kinda tired today :/

Hey twitter I’m eating breakfast

Shout out to the low IQ/autism posters who drop the most meaningless personal anecdotes about their uninteresting lives as if any one cares

:angery:

can’t wait to get out of bed and eat something I’m so hungry..... I’m so fucking hungry.....

@Luma you’re more cute a little twink slut and you’re valid

Hmm today I will join xmpp install 200GB of techno onto my server write an article on anti fluorosis and cook a ribeye steak

@dirb @sjw @xj9 I do use (o)bsd and that systemd is trying to be many things beyond an init is exactly the problem

Today I’ll hook up my server and install 200GB of techno

@cdmnky proud of you and you’re valid

national is to socialism as trans-exclusionary is to feminism! thank you for reading my blog postRinShibuya23.png

@phoenix fuck you kyleFUCK YOU!!!

@igeljaeger @yolo yours looks a lil stretched too

@lanodan gopher walked the pure path of asceticism, uncorrupted by worldly pleasures

@DetectiveHyde Linux weenie? did you drink from too many FLOURIDATED plastic bottles?

@lanodan gopher was always goodGopher never let us down

@xj9 ❤️

@lucy you're already DEAD you dumb fucking RETARD, wer're all just waiting for you SHELL to FALL APART

@lucy you aren't worth saving fucking RETARD,   BEYOND HELP , fucking FAGGOT why don't you DIE ALREADY

have an optimistic and lovely #fridey everybody

@xj9 @dirb @sjw okay but follow me back

@Zergy “le content”

​1695909.jpg

@sjw @xj9 @dirb my primary concerns are lightweightness and security so systemd is the last possible thing I could want and I will never not take the opportunity to make fun of Linux weenies for sucking systemdicks regardless of their own priorities

@xj9 @dirb @sjw bsd style init

@Arch @yolo leave mastodong and join pleromamastodont.jpg

<---- weirdo that mutters while programming

@shit @Lordimpala anine nazis simultaneously believe Einstein plagiarized his work from Aryan scientists (easy to find conspiracies like this) and that his theories are Jewish nonsense imposed on the Aryan mind to, uh, bring them GPS technology and build telescopes capable of detecting the curvature of the universe. Because Jews.

@SRSB @Lordimpala nigger i dont believe any of that einstein rlativity crap. its a scam to keep scientists studiying somethign that is bullshit and never rly learn anythign about the universe

death to GUI weenies

@igeljaeger ingroup meaning those of the same religion, eg fellow Jews or Muslims

✌🏻commemorating my first time getting labelled a psychopath on fedi ✌🏻

@Echolocation @Majkatsu He's a literal psychopathic lunatic obsessed with killing his own ego through insincerity. Don't waste your time.

most code kiddos don’t actually know how to code. They just know how to write code, but it’s not really coding. All they accomplish are increasingly advanced hello world tutorials, because even if u learn to write code, it won’t teach u how to use a computer in any engaged or intelligent way. And if you’re an idiot and you don’t know to really use a computer, then you’ll never run into a need that isn’t already provided. And if you’re not coding to solve an actual need, you’re not coding. You’re just fucking around to impress your friends on discord or to hope to learn enough to a job, where they can tell you what to make for them so you don’t need to learn how to use a computer. You can go ahead and install Linux too, but that doesn’t mean you know how to use linux. Most linux weenies are happy to use it on the same level boomers did in 80s. aYea, you know how to use a computer but you don’t know how to really engage it, you can just get it to what you want the same way you can train a monkey. At most they’ll learn to do some ricing, just like the code kiddos will learn to make a flashy script. But not any real engagement with the OS, and not any real production of honest to god softwareAnd that’s why you’re so bad at coding. You can’t even conceptualize software on a level beyond tutorial, cus you never learned to code, just how to write code. And pro-tip idiot: your code monkey job’s getting outsourced to India. Do a trade since you can’t use your brain.



@orekix I don’t doubt most of the pleroma users are skinny&cute tbh

@shit @sjw wow!

@sjw I meant to post this week’s ago but I forgot I cropped itbut yes u switching to arch reminded me lol

@Echolocation it’s cute

@shit @sjw and then is it like irc?Can I have An anime avatar?

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu Vedic Hinduism is the only authentic aryan spirituality

@shit @sjw where should I make account

@veer66 yesits called Pleroma

@shit @sjw how do join xmpp

@shit @sjw OpenRC is deprecated, artix is the new arch without systemd

@miya fucknig UNIX WEENIES

@sjw 🤷‍♀️ ive heard it’s difficult in arch but im not familiar, someone else will have to help you

@adoxographer @kelsey @softmetals I used to avoid IPAs because of exactly this kind of talk. Anyone that actually gets beer knows it should be treated like water, not wine, and overpriced beer will never, ever taste good.+ Hops are phytoestrogen which explains all the pudgy numale hipsters in the beer scene blowing money to flex over flavor profiles....BUT i have to admit IPAs from the right brewery can be damned good

Please understand cvcvcv-chan!She's mad because senpai didn't notice her...

@sjw tl;dr bloated insecure hyper feature creep garbagehttp://without-systemd.org/wiki/index.php/Arguments_against_systemdhttps://suckless.org/sucks/systemd/ U can use Artix for arch linux without systemd

@shit @lebronjames75 how do i join

@shit @lebronjames75 wow really!!

Average pleroma user

@sjw systemdicks might as well have stuck with ubuntu

@shit @lebronjames75 really?? y didnt u say something... i was waiting for u to say something.............

@shit @lebronjames75 did u even look at my neocities....................

@shit @lebronjames75 i liked itmario retardwhat d u think

@lebronjames75 @shit did u kno i listened to all ur sc ln

@shit @lebronjames75 is it fun what happens in it

@shit I saw u made doom wadsWhy

@shit why

@shit wut games will u play

i wish my pleroma-bf would tell me abt his day.....

@shit h hi

@kaniini the price isn’t the reason why blacks can’t get to university lol

@lain ok my instance will be a raw doggy oneway pleroma stream

tfw no cvcvcv gf

Ah... the hassle of having to deal with cvcvcv!

@yolo me on right fediverse on left

imagine living in a world where people make their own conclusions instead of subscribing to tribalist propaganda pushed by big media in the pursuit of higher CPMs

@kaniini sports scholarships raise black college acceptance rate you bigot

@lain pls stop retweeting me!!!

@Majkatsu @helvegr I mean yourself*fug

@lain oh that’s interestingCan I disable blocking and liking too?

@Majkatsu @helvegr cute do u believe in itself too? Bc i do :x

@yolo boomer.. grr...

@Majkatsu @helvegr what r u majka

@igeljaeger @DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu personally i worship the marvel interpretation of norse mythology, which i think is the purest and closest to what the old norse actually believed

@abs who are u blocking

@camedei456 @1iceloops123 @shit @Echolocation for the record I fucked Mark in the asshole and he cried like a bitch

@lain retweeting is cancer

@1iceloops123 @camedei456 @shit @Echolocation 8chan is super kiked too now. The /pol/ BO was personally compromised by Jim, the worlds only data harvesting pig farmer. homu/pol/ is the only legitimate /pol/ left carrying on that lineage.

@shit @Echolocation it only really stops the lefty retards who think they’ll come over and “troll” bc they’re too dumb to have a vpn. Everyone else has one so all it accomplishes is causing hassle and undermines anonymity. 8/v/ was the first major board to add them and they didn’t even need to worry about jews. They just had shills, and the shills just create OPs or copy paste posts in a thread without engaging, so ID does nothing. All it was was that the /v/ BO was just a fat faggot newfag ex-tripfag retard who just decided to implement the random ass feature the newfag crawl nigger HotWheels put in for no reason, just to be different.

@shit @Echolocation they just need to not ban community moderation, Eg sagebombing, gore dumping etcIt’s also very easy to do that with a VPN anyway. You think JDF doesn’t have one? People spot psyops every day on /pol/ and it’s not done through the IDs

@Majkatsu @igeljaeger @karen Varg didn't fall for that trap, what do you think MYFAROG is? He's always on about Evola too.His problem is that he looks at the things that (((they))) try to force on us (homosexuality etc.) and reasons that these things must have not been with us in the mythical time before bourgeois tradition: in other words, his idea of true tradition is partially derived by subtraction.I think this is a mistake, because I think (((they))) like to use weapons against us that previously had some valid uses and a valid place in the world. For example, it would take a fool to deny that the "powers that be" are pushing a FEMINISED FLUORIDE TRANNY AGENDA (which they obviously are), but it's also apparent that even primitive (uncontacted) cultures frequently arrive at the understanding that some people are born in the body of the wrong sex.The true horror of what has been done to us by both bourgeois AND Marxist faux-tradition is that it has obfuscated our perceptions of the natural state of the world so thoroughly. Varg literally thinks that in the ancestral past, gay people were thrown into pits and killed. Nonsense.

@shit thread IDs can and do result in temporary ego-identities especially when people get I’m drawn out debates. It’s not as serious a condition though because they’re lost between threads, but it does have the result where people continue trying to win a debate they would’ve otherwise given up to impulsively “save face”. It’s very easy to give up an anonymous debate, you can just call him a fag and walk away. But when you feel like people are watching you try hard to win and end up drawing t out and arguing disingeously. Newfags think IDs help make conversation clearer because you can see who’s on what side (dumb because the content is relevant, not the person posting it and anyway you easily learn to naturally read that kind of thing from content and typing convention) and it stops samefagging (as if that was ever a problem, people “win” arguments from debate not by manufacturing a social consensus). It’s just cancerous thinking brought in from reddit etc because they can’t get how to talk without talking and thinking about themselves. 8chan is cancer and developed by admitted newfags along with most of their major board’s BOs. @Echolocation yep it’s exactly like tripfagging

@sim Jung held a similar concept to daoism where Man holds both a major Male essence and a  lesser Female essence and vice versa, where the ideal male or female would make sure to reach a balanced harmony between the two, not letting either the major or lesser essence dominate, yet understanding and accommodating the lesser essence being essential for true personal development. The actual descriptions of their essences also closely align to Daoist conception: female as receptive, emotional, indirect, turbulent; male as directive, rational, stabilizing, creative.Note that a lot of contemporary jungian analysts try to rid away these “patriarchal stereotypes” in the name of advancing progressive theory, an absurd misunderstanding of Jungian theory (the concepts aren’t stereotypes influencing society, they’re fundamental archetypes derived directly from our human nature and it’s our nature responsible for ordering society that way, not the after the fact understands of our nature) so be careful to avoid poz when researching it.

@Echolocation when I say anonymity here I mean it in the posting and in contrast to psuedonymity. As in, a post on 4chan is anonymous because it does not have any name or account it is tied to, unlike a reddit post, which will have a username which you can look and read their other posts. Even if the user account is still anonymous in regards to his irl identity, the posts aren’t anonymous - they’re pseudonymous. The result is that the user begins to form an identity, an image of himself as he’s presented on that particular forum with that particular username, and attempt to uphold and stay true to that identity. This result is insincerity, now he might’ve wanted to say something but didn’t because he didn’t want to look dumb, rude, politically incorrect etc because it might influence his reputation which will influence how other people interact with him. If the posting was anonymous, where every post stands alone disconnected from any other, those petty concerns would have zero influence on what you write, putting the content first and above anything else.

A friendly reminder to drink some water

@Echolocation anonymity is good. I’m just saying we’re not anonymous here bc we all have accounts with names and such, so the best thing we can do is be chaotic and self contradictory so that each post or post-thread stands on its own merit.

@sim I haven’t studied it extensively but I tend to align with Jung’s thinking. Hbu?

@Echolocation no, the opposite. I think anonymous discourse is the purest form of online discussion. Ego-identity is a cancer. But we’re on a pseudonymous platform so we have to do what we can to mitigate it.

@jeroenpraat I will not change my praxis for anyone, fascist.

@jeroenpraat oh you’re correct, my bad.Point was stated. It would be astroturfing if a group created a fake account to drum up support on the service. But I stand mistaken

@Echolocation >so you aren't trans? why have it there? kinda undermines your personal stance.Well it’s a joke, partly picking on the stereotype that a trans lesbian is just a het guy trying to be hip by being transtrender but not committing so they can still fuck girls; a stereotype that gives trans folk fighting for their validity anxiety. A bit mean but I find it very amusing. Other part is that I strongly feel your identity or “neuro” condition or whatever, shouldnt have any reflection on what you say, rather the content of the post - even if it directly contradicts what you argued last week. People who talk from that perspective tend to express their ideas muddled and inefficiently and it makes them very emotionally vulnerable online, which is just silly. The second best thing to achieve ego elimination in posting in an identity based forum, besides multiple compartmentalized persona-alts, is to build an identity of evasiveness and contradiction, resulting in an effectively neutered and ignored identity. So undermining myself is good.

@sim I take a dual stance on it. People who are actually LGBT today, I support and consider victims, not an enemy. But in my ideal society without external corruption and a  deeply rooted propaganda machine built on destroying our people, there would be a strong allegiance to eternal Truth (including true masculine and feminine essence), so I don’t believe they would exist as a serious presence and could easily be treated therapeutically, as they are psychiatric disorders.

@Echolocation @phildobangnz I feel it was more related to my abrasiveness/trolling than my views. I didn’t get a strong read on Naomi, but Feanor is red pilled more deeply than most, though he might’ve disagreed on the JQ

@Luma you’re amazing kid

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.

@Echolocation @phildobangnz it’s fine, I’m not an emotional person, I’m fine lol. I’m not sure why you guys are being so kind. I get blocked all the time, and I understand why lol, it’s just frustrating/surprising when it happens with people I liked talking to. It’s a problem with the Twitter design more than anything, blocking shouldn’t have been implemented in this way. This kind of thing just further impels to seek a better alternative

Discord’s blocking was retarded for Discord and everyone thought so, but it’s perfect for Fedi. In discord, you would still see “1 blocked message” whenever that person posted, and could easily click to read it if you wanted (and would usually feel impelled to do so out of curiosity); really it was more of a filter than a block.But it is how fedi should implement it since true blocking at a personal level goes against the spirit of federation, and totally undermines conversation which is already a difficult and shitty experience to achieve on NotTwitter. People on Pleroma tend to believe in personal blocking over instance level blocking but I disagree. Instance level blocking is essential federation because it motivates against bad actor instances. Rn someone could easily break pleroma’s network by hosting a single instance filled with a constantly updating list of spam bots, and the only resolve would be for everyone to manually block each one. That some networks will define bad actors more loosely beyond just “spam & cp” is their own prerogative - space for self selection and network fractalization IS the spirit of federation.Personal blocking at a user level, however, undermines natural discourse. It only enables personal egoism at the expense of the community. Users should decide their block lists based on the instances they “subscribe” to (and moving accounts between instances /should/ be as easy as changing a subscription), not their own personal petty issues. It is incredibly selfish to block a person because they personally offended you because it weakens the ability for the whole network to have understandable, cohesive conversation-threads. If done at scale it’ll eventually make the fediverse useless, with everyone yelling over each other in impossibly obscure personal networks. That you can’t even /tell/ whether or not you’ve been blocked is extremely egregious as it increases the lack of faith a user can have in their engagement with the network - a result akin to shadow ban anxiety, if it was intensified to every single unique individual you interact with.That’s another thing Discord’s retarded blocking system does right. It’s very easy and obvious to tell when you’ve been blocked. You’ll get an error if you DM them. And that’s really all personal blocking should extend to, blocking DMs, because anything beyond that is damaging the public commons and could be resolved by fucking off to another instance.

@phildobangnz @Echolocation that doesn’t work, blocking will hide all posts by the user. You would need to copy and paste it or screenshot a post. & thanks but I doubt they will, it’ll probably just happen naturally because it’s retarded missing half of whole conversations.

@Echolocation that’s just in my desc as a joke but anyway someone can be LGBT and still fully recognize the harmfulness of its culture and politicization of it

@Echolocation lol are you talking to me?I’m very sad about it. People in your close network issuing blocks undermines conversation, which is already a shitty enough experience on NotTwitter. Idgi

@jeroenpraat @Jo>active>no posts except one announcing her arrestCute astroturf

@hypatia me, dad is my wife



@DetectiveHyde @ihavebigtits there are very ppl on fedi with opinions I find consistently interesting and engaging. I like both of u guys and I thought we mostly agreed on this stuff. im very sad now Sorry if I was too abrasive

@DetectiveHyde @ihavebigtits I’m not even trolling rn!!!! Don’t block me!!!

@ihavebigtits @DetectiveHyde wtfWhy did u block meI thought we were friends

@DetectiveHyde @ihavebigtits rude & blackpilled

Japanese influenza virus is a nuclear mind control schizo zombie virus throwing people off bridges and buildings and on front of trains. 213 million affected the government is trying to hide it but Korea knows

@DetectiveHyde @ihavebigtits But it’s also just incidental. The queer movement is artificial and designed as part of a wider movement to weaken the blood and bonds of aryan society such that they’re more easily broken in and mind controlled for the future loxist state. Queer sexuality is a corruption of man’s inherent soul.

@DetectiveHyde @ihavebigtits >Basically what I'm saying is that I think the path to self-knowledge lies not in addressing one's sexual characteristics and preferences, but in addressing the very nature of one's soul, and I think the modern queer movement is basically just a way to get people to limit their self-definition.This. Woke & redpilled

@ihavebigtits I've got nothing against them, they can do what they like and I'll be nice to them like I would anyone else (as in, so long as they're nice themselves), but I think it's a trap-idea designed to prevent people from engaging in deeper introspection.Kinda like personality type tests, but much more clever, because most of those are based on misunderstandings of Jung's work (and he was ascended as fuck), whereas I think Money was a malicious character.Basically what I'm saying is that I think the path to self-knowledge lies not in addressing one's sexual characteristics and preferences, but in addressing the very nature of one's soul, and I think the modern queer movement is basically just a way to get people to limit their self-definition.Not that yelling at them to "just be a man" or whatever is going to fucking help, that kind of limited thinking is even worse, really.(As an addendum, when it comes to sexual interaction with enby people, I usually just think "okay, is this person going to be receptive to taking the dick and squealing like a girl?" and that's kind of all I need to know)

@yolo thanks!! <3

@miya this is pretty neat :pat:

@nosleep change your name

@ayy depends on the grade of shitposting. normies co-opted the term but their brand of shitposting is just regurgitating their psuedo-memes or performing neutered dadaism.real shitposting is entering a trance state in communal with the technodieties of the internet, letting them use you as a vessel to speak through you.

@Dolus @weeb the entire fediverse is a jewish conspiracy to turn ppl trans

@shit SORRY CANT GIVE MY OPINION ON IMMIGRATION POLICY TOO BUSY WATCHING MY GIRL BEND OVER TO GRAB ME A COLD ONE

wtf my mom took away my mouse and keyboard.. whatever i guess ill spend some time with my boring ass wife then

@miya IM ACTUALLY SMILING ya got me

made my neocities!!!https://miya-miya.neocities.org!!!

and they have a CLI client!https://github.com/neocities/neocities-rubythe two caveats I had with using neocities as a free host over GH pages is git offers CLI uploading and versioning; with this fixing the former and the latter being accomplished with IPFS. and the initial impulse against it was always that it seemed highly vulnerable to a Yahoo shutdown. I had no idea they were making moves towards the distributed web with long-term stability in mind. now im super into neocities!-- using custom domains does require paid sub. what it's perfect for is one-off site; it provides much easier anonymity by not attaching a GH username to the url forcing alts or being directly tied to all your other procects, and not having the source code google indexed (which it does for master branches), which makes the user account hosted to the site easily discovered even when a custom domain is applied assuming they're not paying for a private account (then why not just use that money for a VPS to self-host git and your own site lol?)

this is too cuteneocities-ipfs.jpg

@crushv @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @xeno well i meanmy point was, there's no reason not to do it, assuming you actually want to go to college which I'd recommend against, since maximizing your chances by applying to every good school no matter how lower your chance to get in is worth it since the time/money cost is minimal. iirc

neocities is coolno one told me they moved to IPFS.too bad you have to use their web API to upload. but it happens instantly unlike github pages

@crushv @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @xeno i vaguely remember thatsorry if i did lol

@virtual @crushv do u just hate femme gays or masculine gays too

@crushv @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @xeno lmaothats the problem see I should be monologuing to myself while poor nikki may or not be collateral damage, rather the bullseye on the target

@crushv @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @xeno tbh I’ve been jealous of people with external monologues for a long time and have repeatedly tried to induce myself into the habit but it never worked, closest I’ve come  It seems very woke and productive and especially effective for irl shitpostingA friends dad used to constantly monologue when you talked to him, he barely seemed to take input in a conversation and one day he was driving me and stopped to get gas and he kept talking even when we couldn’t hear him outside, that’s when I realized he didn’t give a single fuck if anyone was listening to him his conversation was purely for himself. Woke af. mad envy

@crushv @shmibs @DetectiveHyde @xeno small b: internal monologuebig brain: no monologuegalaxy brain: external monologue

@garfiald *pleroma user voice* a white teenager screaming the n word while having a loli avatar is the height of comedy

PSA 2 IDIOTS IN MY MENTIONSFUDposting is NOT the same as EGOPOSTING!! UNTAG ME FROM THIS THREAD !!

@vamp898 hi qt

@nosleep @miya @dbp Alright, https://search.neckbeard.xyz is now up. You can now search like a neckbeard.I'll work on customising it later.

There should also be a porn sharing networkUsing NotTwitter for porn sharing is almost as based as using NotTwitter for socializing

@Arch agree 100% re LGBT category “validity”

@miya I see your point. While I'd argue about androphilia, there is clearly an organic interest with its own culture. Compared to L, which isn't real, B, which doesn't need an interest group, T, which is a modernism, and Q, which needs the gas, the G is relatively legitimate.@phildobangnz PhD in StDs.

ALSOwhat's the deal with people getting triggered over getting mentioned when they dont want too lollike nigger close your eyes

@shit STFU!

another weird thing about normiesthey really cannot separate their ego-identities from their posting. they always try to frame their posts with, as an "x", like it somehow changes the content of their words. they're so self absorbed they think their identities reflect in everything they do or say. its especially ironic when pretty much everything they think or say are externally received memes planted in them by propaganda.

normie fucks are so far gone I accidentally troll them every day just by cracking funny jokes. they're falling over each other just trying to troll themselves.

Shitposting is woke because it requires removing your ego from social communication. if you're self-conscious about your """reputation""" you can't risk doing a bit because your fellow normie fucks might mistake you for your character. the rare times a normie tries to "troll," like every time lefties ever do it online, they have to loudly and clearly signal to all their followers before and after so that it can be recognized as part of their social identity. just like even just cracking a joke requires a /sarcasm. its very important to them people know they're joking because otherwise someone might think they're stupid, and that's terrible.

@shit memes are the DNA of the soul. but the normie idea of memes are a malformed, neutered half-meme. poor zoomers will never experience true memeing. the problem was when they were drawn out from shitposting as a practice/POV into a shareable packaged form.

@Arch @zemichi not defending pedos just pointing out their close allegiance to gays (eg NAMBLA). they're the only queer movement that is actually gay adjacent with crossover. LGBT movement drowned out the gay voice.not that that's exactly bad but it's easier to find respectableness in gay culture than LGBT if only for their authenticity. LGBT "movement" was a propaganda forced from the top down, whereas the gay underground was just one of many (degenerate) counter cultures that happened to be co-opted in service of that. Even today its not uncommon to be meet gay misogynists/racists - I don't mean trap loving alt-rights, but gays completely participant in underground gay culture that are openly racist or misogynist. Its not controversial within actually gay spaces. Only """LGBT""" spaces that erase their voice.

The only value pixelfed has as an “Instagram alternative” is optimizing it for the accidentally derived (and highly valuable) function of a memeshare social network, something you also see within telegram and fb groups. As they’re all accomplished through misuse of the uninnovative platforms, it obviously leaves much to be desired. How is there still no proper social network designed for memesharing?More likely than not though pixelfed will continue following the brain dead fedi model of blindly cloning Web 2.0 platforms without consideration of or innovation on its harmful design, let alone innovation made using the nature of federation. Instagram was designed to exploit users and treat them as products in attention economy; blinding clonely an exact imitation of that design + federation is not innovation, it’s not valuable, it’s not intelligent and it’s not any less harmful except where the design gets accidentally broken - it’s just dumb.Fedi is at the stage where devs try to limit, twist and distort their platform to achieve a base imitation of the pre-existing ones, without regard for the unique qualities offered by their own platform; similar to the early stage of film simply imitating theater or photography imitating painting.

​bq-5c491598182ef.png

@Arch @nosleep @weeb @tuxcrafting nothing he ever said was wrong anyway he was just too mean even for pleroma

@weeb smh, these people will never reach enlightenmentstay medicated indian niggers

@karen who

@Arch @zemichi the gays were sacrificed 3 decades ago. They fucking hated feminists, lesbians, trannies and muslims all for obvious reasons. Pedos are literally the only LGBT group actual gay culture allied with and they’re the one group the astroturfed LGBT “movement” offered up in a Faustian deal in exchange for all their other hyperdegeneracy slip through

@nosleep @miya @rin @yolo @louisoft01 @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian Obama killed innocent citizens

@nosleep @louisoft01 @igeljaeger @yolo @rin @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian and then it’s anal relapse 💩☹️

@nosleep @hj h

@Gargron

@nosleep @louisoft01 @igeljaeger @yolo @rin @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian making me think....

@nosleep @louisoft01 @igeljaeger @yolo @rin @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian

@shit I bet ur really strong...... o.o

@louisoft01 @nosleep @igeljaeger @yolo @rin @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian

@nosleep @igeljaeger @louisoft01 @yolo @rin @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian

@yolo @rin @nosleep @louisoft01 @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@rin @nosleep @yolo @louisoft01 @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@rin @igeljaeger @nosleep @yolo @louisoft01 @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @lain @lynnesbian

@nosleep @louisoft01 @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@nosleep @louisoft01 @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@louisoft01 @nosleep @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@louisoft01 @nosleep @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@nosleep @louisoft01 @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian

@nosleep @louisoft01 @yolo @levi @shit @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain @lynnesbian post memes nerds

@yolo @levi @shit @nosleep @saga @sjw @p @igeljaeger @lain official dank meme hellthread tag ur friends

@lanodan @moonman @scarlett I banned the fucker, deleted his account.  Shit like the screenshot below.I don't think bans should be transitive; a person ought to be able to take the LART to their forehead and go to another instance with lessons learned or appeal their ban.  Just while they're doing what they're doing, I ain't tryna have them around here.cvcvcv.gif

@miya @erroruser@example.com @lanodan @scarlett @p @xenome @bun what is a trigger warning?

@_ @igeljaeger ugh I hate these ableist scum. probably another pleroma nazi. Thanks for sharing

@igeljaeger This person likes to use the "r" word as an insult, as well as some very bigoted language against neurodivergents. Extremely hostile. Obviously alt-right bro-culture. Real gross to see them on my TL being boosted by innocent sweethearts

@hellpie ya and normal people don’t install a tinfoil suite on a microcomputer to route their internet traffic to block ads

my pleromabf is cute

@crushv @essie @TopEssayServices lol

@hellpie but is that all it does bc then why use it if ur not using winblows

@igeljaeger @ivesen he’s right though

@ADUB bad content

@vim what’s ur website!!!

@hellpie @Olivia does windows ignore hosts files?

@sjw @dbp nah they’re worse than google. False privacy is more harmful than being openly anti privacy.

@hellpie @Olivia with a hosts file? how is that different from having it on ur pc

@Nightingalle yummyWith who?

@sjw @dbp that’s hardly stopped anyone before. “””Privacy””” is a big market and normie fuck retards will use anything with a marketing budget. People still think Ghostery and Brave Browser are “private alternatives”, and most “privacy guides” will recommend Acceptable Ads complicit adblockers instead of umatrix/ublock and other bonafide cancer like noscript. There’s a ton of disinfo in the ”privacy alternative” market

@hellpie @Olivia just install iridium lol

@dbp @sjw I mean, DDG’s founder previously ran a data collection business, they’ve violated their privacy policy in the past, they’re based in the US and so fully vulnerable to NSA warrants AND continuously lie that they are not vulnerable to a warrant.They should’ve already lost the benefit of the doubt even for a liberally minded person. But they have the twitter-reddit stamp of approval 🤷‍♀️

@nosleep @xeno macdonalds

@dbp > Removed. Title gore. Misleading. Conspiratorial. OP, please be more careful next time.lolThe argument that it has canvasing has legitimate uses and anything can be abused is faulty. A secure service should be using tools vulnerable to abuse, and should on rely on good faith for you to trust them.Do you have any more evidence you can provide? I plan to write a DDG hitpiece

@zemichi St. Louis milkshake!!!

@kaniini tenshi eating a corndog

@shriekingmarxist what side?

@dbp do you have evidence?I think their highly suspect but the only evidence of being compromised I’ve found is them storing a 3rd party cookie (now removed)

@wizard @teko what do u use it for?

@djsumdog @sjw here's to another decade of @kaniini removing trash from the internet

@mansr @sophia hmm you’re right. It’s a list of lists and a list of list of lists. maybe we should tell wikipedia

@Dayglochainsaw people make that much on passive income. people make that much on interest lol

@Dayglochainsaw lol not true

@Luma tell it

@mansr @sophia it does“This article is also a list of lists.”

@camedei456 imagine being an “illiterate, poor, and allegedly alcoholic” abbo subhuman threatening an at-risk population for a pack of cigarettes

@dog colby....nu....

@shpufeff @shmibs why notJust post it

@jackolas I seeFunny that they call out vice in one of the caps. no self awareness on their part

@Gargron

@awg @igeljaeger @wowaname we should just ditch twitter altogether lol it’s cancer who thought cloning it would be a good idea. look how shit image embedding is. And threads are. Untag me!!! Nobody likes this it’s just everything else is even worse

@lynnesbian there’s one from 1920https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Mousquetaire_au_restaurant_part_1.ogv

@zemichi YouTube was already taking down their videos as soon as smugboy went live. Looks like their handlers aren’t all on the same page

@cdmnky cute

@toshiro u shudve followed me the moment u laid eyes on me ..............

@jackolas what stuff?

@shpufeff @shmibs please shlup... with the tambourine....

@lynnesbianBad Images that don’t depict nudity, gore or discharge:- Encyclaeopedia Dramatic logo- Flag of Hezbollah- An “Internet Troll” meme- Nationalsocialistisk front flag- NSDAP flag- A seizure gif (parrot rgb3.gif)- Paul Stanley looking sober.jpg (he doesn’t)- “COCK SUCKING FAGGOT” Queer Nation bumper sticker- Stormfront logo

and my favourite meta wikipedia page:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Bad_image_listthis is a list of every single "bad image" on wikipedia. and they are indeed bad.

@toshiro thats fine but next time follow me first....

@FurryJulie this joke might seem cute and harmless hut it’s actually erasure of the CERT movement

@kaniini should be a timeline setting too. “Repeating” is an insidious feature.

@igeljaeger Aww... but it is my amused face. Do you not want me to be amused? :o

Tbh, I like having female friends... especially the tomboy types! :')



@yolo @levi @sjw p@freespeechextremist.com

@levi @sjw @wowaname @crushv @yolo retag me.. wtf u guys....

@shit i can join for u if u want me to...

@shit what do u wanna chat about o.o

@shit tell me.....

@shit si..why do I ask

Btw, if i follow you it doesn't mean i even like you

@shit is it dm only or is there group chat

Shoutout to muji nail clippers

@shit that’s like discord for Linux right?

@LPS @Siedge @MikeVeerman @shit I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize you had autism. There’s nothing wrong with that I just didn’t understand. Sorry

I wonder what my pleroma-bf is doing...

@moonman it’s worth nothing anyone who thinks otherwise is a pozzed leftist brain dead retard

@LPS @Siedge @MikeVeerman @shit you need to work on your reading comprehension—unless its the case that you suffer from autism, in that case I totally understand and you’re valid

imagine not using Bing, the only #FOSS search engine, in 2019

@Duende great OST

just installed neocities... ~building my first website~

@wowaname @miya @_ please untag

@mimorinka anarcho fascism?image.png

@LPS @Siedge @MikeVeerman @shit there’s no part about office workers. Where is it? Huh? Where is it? Idiot.

anyone cud easily pull a cvcvcv and just make bot spam accounts on every random masto server. if there’s a way to federate without a domain then u cud make infinite micro instances making blocking impossible

@nobody I mean jihad raid

@nobody is there an actual plan for a raid

boost this and ill delete and repost

@miya <3

@Gargron

@lain does this mean u still like me..?

@miya but... I didn't block you... I only blocked the le bible account...

this is fucked up you guys please retoot

@nepfag I wish I had a gf

@lain omg... lain... thank you so much... im so sorry... il be good from now on i promise.... please dont block me again.. im sorry.. i promise...

@nepfag can you please jus toot this to him so he'll see it please...

​imsofuckingdepressed.jpg

@lain pls unblock. me...im sorry...

@desvox thanks!!! i see you're a fellow... boot enthusiast...

*buys solar panel for a few hundred euro to power a raspberry pie to host my solarpunk site*Yep

@illnessideology @wintgenstein if u dont like it why dont just buy it yourself then... beggars cant be choosers..tbh idg some of the ppl on here. maybe trolls?

@illnessideology bc u own it lol

@desvox definitely not sneakers lmaosneakers are fo childrenrn im wearing big boy boots!!

@shit @igeljaeger @epicmorphism @alice well i use it when im hanging out in the back but dont feel like talking

@ItsTheManOnTheMoon @dirt srs posting is a spook all posting is shitposting the only question is self-awareness

@shit @igeljaeger @epicmorphism @alice nuh uh u can just keep it in your bag pack

@shit @igeljaeger @epicmorphism @alice i bring my thinkslab out t o the r a v e

@shit it’s the bravest thing ever

@freon i like you

@desvox hm... personally speaking as a sneaker enthusiast,,

@desvox hey fellow sneaker enthusiasts

@philip Trick question! Bosses don't know how to use the issue tracker, they just send you mails with their ideas in them.

@shit edgy thrash metal is a consumer genre

@helvegr @shit which practice

@shit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U9Gy1ZDqp8SHE TOOK A PEEBEHIND A TREELOOKING LIKE A MONKEY

@shit brainbombs did it better

lik why in every picture of rms hes like in some stupid place with a fucking laptop. like hes in nature and instead of admiring the beautiful nature hes on a fucking laptop. god i hate rms so much

@shit music is cool but its super stupid

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cV2v5klRKMgruzz stoi

music is so dumb lol

gonna start an album-by-album online radio stream  so I dont need to waste time thinking about what to put on. rn i just have my music loosely dumped in mega playlistsTEKNO: RAWTEKNO: BANG! BANG!TEKNO: gruzz stoi TEKNO: dizzie housmemphis rap (+ dj screw discog)noise (musique concrete)minimal ambient

https://soundcloud.com/1-1-7/julien-andreas-maze-of-sin-trust-in-filth-cs-117-07

h h hh hardkore!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4h22K0F_Vc

@sjw Mzungu had mi website up an runnin in no time. i have been making a fortune now with my nigerian scamming site . nice lOL

@shit oh true. I added it to the article

@waifu nu.... lilli....

https://edith.reisen/computers/security/browsers.htmlThese browsers at default settings all gather user data and secretly send it back to home base (phoning home):FIREFOX BASED SPYWARE - Mozilla Firefox- Waterfox- Pale MoonCHROMIUM BASED SPYWARE- Google Chrome- Opera- Vivaldi- Brave BrowserIf you're using them: lolNOT SPYWAREFF:- Hardened Mozilla- Gnu IceCat (after 60.2)Chromium:- Iridium (- Ungoogled-chromiumOther:- Otter Browser- Midori- Konqueror- Qutebrowser- Vimbif u care about privacy, you really should just fuck it & install all of them and then use each one for a separate task (fb browser, fedi browser, google browser etc.) since its basically impossible to prevent browser fingerprintingbut if you REALLY care about privacy, throw out your computer

@shirasade @noelle Opera is chromium based lol. its been since 2013and it is also spyware

@Justaharpy @noelle oh sorry. Pale Moon is spyware too. it performs unsolicited requests home, as in, is secretly taking data and sending it to them.https://web.archive.org/web/20180721175110/https://spyware.neocities.org/articles/palemoon.html

@shit wow .. cool ...my bf...@sjw @matrix @igeljaeger @lizzeboof @PussySlayer @p @jack @cvcvcv

@gzt @moth @annaSmart HTTPS is better than HTTPS Everywhere. HTTPS Everywhere relies on cross-checking each address to their global whitelist (which makes you reliant on it adequately covering all the random websites you might visit), whereas Smart HTTPS assumes all websites run SSL by default, tries to run it, and only if it doesn't work does it fallback to HTTP (and adds it to your local whitelist).uMatrix is the most effective and efficient adblocker and yep Decentraleyes is super good from a security perspective plus makes sites faster. I wrote an article expanding on these recommendations here:https://edith.reisen/computers/security/browsers.html#extensions_security@elliafyi dont use ghostery!! Its closed source, run by an advertising company and actually tracks you if you dont opt out:https://lifehacker.com/ad-blocking-extension-ghostery-actually-sells-data-to-a-514417864Privacy Badger is the recommended set it and forget alternative:https://www.eff.org/privacybadgerthough you don't need it if you're using uMatrix

@awg @karen wtf what did u just call me punk

@shit @MikeVeerman @Siedge lol mike are you fucking dumb...

@shit good~~ having my coffee and organic japanese incense before I goto class today!! wahhh there's a blizzard outside x.xhbu!!@sjw @shit @matrix @igeljaeger @lizzeboof @PussySlayer @p @jack @cvcvcv

@shit good morning pleroma bf@sjw @matrix @igeljaeger @lizzeboof @PussySlayer @p @jack @cvcvcv

@0xf00fc7c8 @DetectiveHydeBut minorities did contribute to ruin TTRPG's in the 90s after forcing themselves into the White Male space. Any TTRPG system that was ever released after AD&D 1e (excepting MYFAROG) is terminal cancer.

@0xf00fc7c8 @DetectiveHyde by military war gaming, I mean war games that were developed and used by the military to simulate tactical warfare, e.g. Kriegsspiell. Go, Shogi, Chess, etc. are boardgames that are abstractions of war. Modern boardgames trace their lineage to them. TTRPG's do not except as far Prussian wargames might have taken inspiration from any kind of gaming, which is something independently developed in every culture. Wargaming and boardgaming represent two separate modern lineages, and roleplaying games were irrefutably born out of the former. D&D's development is well documented and the influences they traced continuously follow an exclusively White Male tradition all the way down the line, even as far as its pulp Scifi/fantasy literature goes (though one can admit to the presence of some White Female influence in that field even if none are noted in Appendix N). The tradition of recreational wargaming began in Prussia and later migrated to the UK (the first use of miniatures was by a Scotsman), and eventually came to be dominated by America. Nowhere in wargaming history are non-Whites "represented".

@karen william burroughs the wild boys

😌

@miya goodnigth!

@shit goodnighf pleroma BF!!!!!!

@fence they replace ads with their own Brave tm Safe ads

@shpuld shupdd...

@ibrokemypie hi pie

@nosleep @levi @shit 😮

@miya @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger u have a cool name and cute avi

@nosleep @levi @shit ~~he’s all mine now!!

@shit I did it!!!!!!!!!!! :S ♡

@shit ok u can be my pleroma BF U have to add my name to ur description tho!!!!

@rms @frostclaw20 I enjoy trolling Linux weenies with a bullshit misunderstanding of fat faggot freetardism etc talking smug about Unix then dropping the obsd bomb when they start calling me a macfag but now this slightly damages the authenticity my joke-not that Linux weenies would know anyway

@fence is it brave based brave browser?

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger do u have a gf

@rms @weeb I don’t want to beleive!!!

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger i really like ur name and avatar too...

@fence ya but Firefox is more gay that chrome. Ppl think they’re getting woke by going Firefox think again if it’s not brave “based” browser it’s Garbo

@levi @shit why don’t you stFU, LEVI

@rms @weeb why not ☹️

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger what do u like about me

@lizzeboof @tuxcrafting ok...but now u have.... ☹️

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger do u like me

@DetectiveHyde interesting I see. You’re the first person I’ve found whose actually played through it, there’s no reviews online just articles whining.

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger who r they

broke: actually fixing the software with a buffer overflow vulnerabilitywoke: using TLS to avoid MITM that triggers the buffer overflow vulnerabilitywelcome to 2019, everyone!

@kaniini i like how ur rants always reach final form with a broke/woke meme

@lizzeboof @tuxcrafting oh hey liz hmm lil awk still waiting on that follow back...... 😟

@fence well I mean u can lol

@nosleep @tuxcrafting gettem

@fence Firefox phones home you dork

@tuxcrafting tux..stop it......

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger do u have friebds

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger r u the yungest

@hcs yep that’s pretty ableist actually. Not everyone has double digit iqs, sweetie

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger r u friends with them

@DetectiveHyde have you actually played itIt looks clunky

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger do u work with a team

@DetectiveHyde I got banned from /tg/ for pointing out that exclusively “white men” had completely invented military war gaming, recreational war gaming and finally tabletop RPG. so why does it matter if minority’s aren’t represented or feel welcomed? it’s not their space

@Ocean did it worim using a screen reader so hard t tell

@Ocean                                                               ..---..._                                                        ..--""         "-.                                                   ..-"""                 ".                                               ..-""                        "                                            .-"                                         .-"      ... -_                                     .="   _..-" F   .-"-.....___-..                                     "L_ _-'    ."  j"  .-":   /"-._ "-                                        "      :  ."  j"  :   :    |"" ".                                  ......---------"""""""""""-:_     |   |\                        ...---""""                             -.   f   | "                ...---""       . ..----""""""""..                ".-... f  ".         ..---"""       ..---""""""""-..--"""""""""^^::            |. "-.    .     .--"           .mm::::::::::::::::::::::::::...  ""L           |x   ".   -"             mm;;;;;;;;;;XXXXXXXXXXXXX:::::::::::.. |           |x.   - xF        -._ .mF;;;;;;XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX:::::::|            |X:.  "j         |   j;;;;;XXX#############################::::::|            XX::::|          |.#;::XXX##################################::::|            |XX:::|          j#::XXX#######################################::             XXX::|         .#:XXX###########################################             |XX::|         #XXX##############################XX############Fl             XXX:|        .XXX###################XX#######X##XXX###########Fl             lXX: |       #XX##################XXX######XXXXXXX###########F j             lXXX |       #X#########X#X#####XXX#######XXXXXX#######XXX##F  jl            XXXX |       #X#######XX#"  V###XX#' ####XXXXXX##F"T##XXXXXX.  V   /  .    .#XXXX  |       #########"     V#XX#'  "####XXXX##.---.##XXXXXX.    /  /  / .##XXXX  |       "######X' .--"" "V##L   #####XXX#"      "###XXXX. ."  /  / .###XXXX  |         #####X "   .m###m##L   ####XX#      m###m"###XX#   /  / .#####XXX   |         "###X   .mF""   "y     #####     mX"   "Y#"^####X   / .######XXX   |           "T#   #"        #     ####    X"       "F""###XX"###########XX   |             L  d"     dXX  xm   "^##L mx     dXX  YL-"##XX"S""##########    |            xL J     Xd%    T      ""  T    XdX    L. "##XS.f |#########    |             BL      X## X                  X## X      T#SS"  |#########    |              #L     X%##X                  X%##X|     j#SSS /##########     |              #L  ._ TXXX-"           "-._  XXXF.-    ###SS\###########     |              ##   """""                  """"""      ##DS.\###########     |              TF                                      ##BBS.T#########F      |             #L           ---                        ###BBS.T########'      |            '##            ""                     jL|###BSSS.T#######       |          '####             ______              .:#|##WWBBBSS.T####F      J L        '######.            \___/            _c::#|###WWWBSSS|####     J ;;       '########m            \_/            c:::'#|###WWWBBSS.T##"    J ;;;L      :########.:m.          _          _cf:::'.L|####WWWWSSS|#"  .J ;;;;B      ########B....:m..             _,c%%%:::'...L####WWWBBSSj x  ;;;;dB      #######BB.......##m...___..cc%%%%%::::'....|#####WWBBDS.|" ;;;;;ABB#     #######BB........##j%%%%%%%%%%%%%%:::'..... #####WWWWDDS|.;;;;;dBBB#     #######BB.........%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%:::'...   j####WWWWWBDF;;;;;BBB####    ######BBB.........%%%%%%%%%%%%%%:::'..     #####WWWWWWS;;;;dBBB####    ######BBB..........^%%%%%%%%%%:::"         #####WWWWWWB;;;:BBB######   X#####BBB"..........."^YYYYY::"            #####WWWWWWW;;.BB#########  X######BBB........:''                      #####WWWWWWW;;BB##########L X######BBB.......mmmm..                 ..x#####WWWWWWB.;dBB########### X#######BB.....        "-._           x""  #####WWWWWWBL;BBB###########L X######BB...              "-              ######WWWWBBBLBBB#############. ######BBB.                                #####WWWWBBBBBBB############## X#####BBB                                 #####WWWWWBBBBBB############### T#####BB                                  #####WWWBBB     :BB################# T###BBP                                   #####WWBB"    .#BB##################..W##P                                      ###BBB"    .##BB###################..l                                         "WW"      ###BB####################j ___                                        " l    j###BBB##################J_-   """-..             ':::'   .-""""""""""-.  l  .####BBB######B##########J########    "-.           ::'  -" ..mmm####mm.."-.< #####MCL-5/7/88 BBB#####J############    "-_        :|  "

@Ocean hold on

@Ocean ok i like this update

About to watch episode 149 of Urusei Yatsuralum-face.jpg

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger where though

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger wowWhere do you put the pipe

@Fergant I almost starved in a Norwegian off season mountai ski cabin once and their beer is $5 per can by law at any grocery store Fuck norway

@nosleep good boy

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger I don’t get itHow big is the pipe ShotDoes it fit in your handIs it bigger than my head

@nosleep dw I’ll take you with me

@nosleep @shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger 💦💦

@nosleep noI’ll move on in about one month

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger did u goto trade school

POSER /jp/ GO HONE!!!

@shit @levi @yolo @orekix @igeljaeger how do you get big time money shot

@shpuld please shpuld... the rambourine....

@crushv @nosleep caps posting is cute with your current pfp

@shpuld now with the tambourine!! the tambourine!!!!

@shpuld nvm

@shpuld cute

@adrenalineetc GNOMES ARENT HUMAN!! LIBERAL!!!

@adrenalineetc @popefucker this is the kind of self care I can get behind

@lynnesbian google's old weary cat face is a forever mood

@dansup @orekix all posting is shitposting, some people are just too hubristic to know they’re doing it

@rice @Siedge there was an autistic “babyfur” - a furry who “kins” as baby - who used to hang out around discord. I gave him his own containment channel and then muted him speaking anywhere else in the server, and people could use it to berate, interview, shitpost at him like some kind of zoo animal. He seemed to enjoy it

@shit lol

@orekix @dansup if they did that it’d be super easy to astroturf a shit storm and streisand it into infamy. But who cares

@quad @Ocean @lanodan you have to learn to appreciate and ignore the ugliness. Once you see through it you can be enlightened from the cycle of 5 year gaming machine builds

@dansup mastodon is the only fedi software that would ever do something as retarded as a brand page cus it’s the only with a design and marketing philosophy following traditional social media market share goals. It’s already dying from the inside anyway

@nosleep good boy

@quad @Ocean @lanodan good graphics are a spook. Turn all your settings to lowest and unshackle your self from the nvidka amd treadmill

@sampo no testing the warmth or softness of the inside before marriage!!!!!!111

@tuxcrafting tux...nu...

@quad @Ocean @lanodan new games don’t exist

Say it out loudGnunix

RMS should’ve dubbed it GNUNIX rather than GNU/Linux

@rms @weeb UM it’s UNIX not GNUNIX

@rms @weeb bsd is unix

@Justaharpy @noelle iridium or ungoogled-chromium are the only secure chromium releaseshttps://edith.reisen/computers/security/browsers.html#chromiumDefault Mozilla and all distributions except Pale Moon & IceCat 60.2+ include spyware that phones home. If you’re looking for the most hardened browser, look into Hardened Firefox - scroll down to the Firefox section on same page for a set of user settings links; usability is pretty limited by it though. For normal use iridium/ungoogled are best.

@camedei456 only if you’re stupid. If you’re of superior genetic stock you’ll likely be born into wealth or make yourself wealthy if you weren’tClass is divided by genetics, not money.

@shpuld pour out a cold one for chromium

@camedei456 you’re missing the second correlate: IQ. Inherited wealth is usually retained through generations when base IQ is high. It is lost within 1-2 when it isn’t. And even when a high IQ individual is born into poverty, he reaches wealth in his lifetime - IQ and personal income are highly correlated.In other words, there are some dumb people who don’t deserve to be rich, but anyone who is poor deserves to be poor.

@shpuld remain calm and let google handle this, they know better

@gunkslinger @moonman answer the question. I’m a Marxist jew and I’m not sure you understand how this reads from my perspective

@gunkslinger @moonman are you jewish?

@levi @00dani ok this is fucked up yku guys

@moonman @gunkslinger they’re illegal aliens. Call them what they are. “Illegal immigrant” is fabricated sophistry and legally contradictory nonsense. An immigrant is by definition a lawful permanent resident.

@Thomas @illnessideology nuu......thomas...............

@rms @weeb UM it’s UNIX not GNUNIX

@Thomas @illnessideology Thomas...nu...

@greg bad content greg

@00dani good post dani

:ignutius:

@a_cat good content

@a_cat

@dredmorbius @bob @rysiek @aral @alrs with all due respect, you have no idea who the fuck i am or what the fuck i do.  but you sure talk a big game.i've been designing actually secure systems and networks for the past decade, and have also written major parts of a major package manager and i can tell you this: https is not the point at all here, but having the repos locally.#InfoSec charlatans always talk the talk, but you all never walk the walk, and i'm the person that gets hired to fix your mess when the project gets blown to hell.

@orekix this is fucked up you guys

A strange meme. A man wears a stickynote on his head, labeled "pinging @everyone on a discord with more than 10 people". Underneath the man, we see the text "New meme format template- thoughts?"

@levi @wowaname @sjw @crushv @yolo Fuck it  whipping out d big boy

@wowaname @levi @sjw @crushv @yolo I too found it funnyPost your best meme

@gzt there’s a lot of alternate versions of Firefox you can install. Dev edition, nightly, icecat etc

@phoenix @malacoda Mozilla embeds spyware into their browser that phones home, just as google does. IceCat retained it until 60.2If you’re not using updated IceCat or Pale Moon, lol

i present to you the funniest meme i have ever seeni will post it every day starting now.thank you for reading my blog postQx6l3JNjeyuLSBnmp6xIIIdmzoDQMQM…

@ffs @jeff @dielan @moonman yeah I know. Is it not dead anymore?NNTPchan is definitely a step forward but I’m not confident it solves imageboard’s critical issue of momentum barrier, which is what every attempt at a decentralized imageboard faces. They’re solving the wrong problem, the issue isn’t centralization, it’s reliable free exit. Anyone can host imageboards easily, the problem is they need high critical momentum to not stay dead which is very rare to achieve. So even if everyone hates a board they can’t do anything about it. Decentralizing imageboards mitigates server costs and provides increased privacy (depending). Whoopee you got CP. it’s still just from Russian spambots trawling dead boards.Of course it’s a good future proofed foundation, but it needs structural innovation to achieve an actual audience. I’ve mentioned before, imo real-time imageboards are the most promising thing, since the point of critical momentum seems to be only around ~10 active users as opposed to ~100-150

@moonman @dielan I agree, but not every element is neutered as likes are, since it was by accident. My argument is just that all the elements of these services shouldn’t be simply cloned, but re-evaluated. Twitter is just one form a “microblogging social network” can take, there’s no reason to continue its harmful 2.0 patterns.

@nerthos @moonman it makes you sinker susceptible to mind control actually

@nerthos @moonman sodomy reaches the brain

>Hey guys!>We have a room opening up>looking for female roommates only please!When were you when "guys" when from gender neutral to female only?

@healyn @larrydavis @matt good content

@crushv only thing important enough to debate on the internet

@levi @roka @nerthos @zemichi @dirb Reverse traps are the most straight because they play with the elements of masculinity with still their true femininity still shines clear (if it doesn’t, they’re a dyke). This requires inherently strong femininity, that hidden under a masculine veneer (yet subtly accentuated in its contrast) they still have a sexual energy akin to a lesser girl forced to emphasize basic surface femininity to extend her own limited femininity. The fact is, girl-boys are more girly than girl-girls. So if you like girly girls, I’m not saying you’re gay, but you’re still gayer than the alternative

We debate traps to save those who have not yet sinned in the flesh, just felt the tug of temptation.

@nerthos @zemichi @levi @dirb how can the alt right be so firm that gender is derived from sexual organs yet this still debate traps. Look the story goes like this:In a copulation of 2 people: If there’s two (2) dicks, it’s gayIf there’s one (1) dick, it’s straightIf there’s zero (0) dicks, it’s gayEnd of story

Goodnight everyone. I'm gonna fugg a #loli and go to sleep. :sleep:B0KNIOsa4yeUcg.png

@moonman @dielan they’re just employing the startup strat of get users first then monetize. The point was making people need & use the service. The value is in attention, once the userbase is already established monetization is as simple as ad exposure to acquired attention space. as far as design is concerned, the actual cash flows are incidental; which is why fedi twitter clones are just as insidious except where features were neutered (by accident, not design)

@dielan @moonman dyou know what the big fat difference between Web 2.0 cancer like IG, tumblr, SC, reddit etc and real raw dog shit like imageboards, irc, bbs etc?They employ insidious tools to organize content feeds. The “Like, share, follow” interaction paradigm is designed solely to re-organize content beyond primitive linearity, to maximize gamification of the attention economy. Not only cancer but its brain dead to reimplement it in ur non monetized clone

@dielan @moonman who cares?Twitter, Instagram, SoundCloud, YouTube, Tumblr and Reddit suck. They’re for monetized normie retards. They won’t suck any less because it’s got some pointless geek cred in the backend and you can say nigger without getting banned.Usenet was good. IRC was good. Imageboards were good. Make a federated clone that innovates on something good, not cancer-except-fedi. (BBS was a very tentative ok, but we don’t talk about BBS)

@jg it looks good but literally no one will contribute lol

@dielan fedi’s cool. Twitters smart. Cloning twitter blindly and slapping it onto federation is dumb. This shit sucks. It could be so much cooler but we’re using a retarded, hal-broken interface originally designed entirely to manipulate an attention economy bc even after 3-5 separate iterations of twitter cloning (depending who you ask) no one was smart enough to think maybe all the reasons Twitter bad are also reflected in its design and that they should be reconsidered

@dee @Skoll3 if it’s not EU enforced, if it’s not hardcoded against in chromium, it’s not regulated. Bad faith practices has never stopped normies

hi,,,,, ho wo do mak epins work pleroma 2019 no hacks pins enable pleroma virus free

i literally don't get it. why do people make plans and then abandon them with no word or warning? do they want me to be upset? or is someone catfishing me from multiple fake tinder accounts??

@dee @Skoll3 nah it’s the new adsense.

@dielan makes sense. I just joined last month so my projections are off. Gargon played a short term strategy to scoop the cuck audience, but they’re just following the party, their mod policies are hardly sustainable except for micro instances that keep things internal. The OP of this thread already blocked me. I wanted to add her to discuss Taoism but I guess she couldn’t handle breaking the narrative. Still they’re all trash. Cloning twitter is stupid as fuck

@Skoll3 EXACTLY this is what I’m saying we need to implement built in crypto “it just works” jacking as a FEATURE I have to my pleroma SERVER COSTS somehOW

By entering pleroma.site you agree to XMR being mined using your CPU. If you don't agree please leave now or install an adBlocker

hey my operating system may compromise my privacy, it may serve me constant advertisements, and it may have a super secret recipe where nobody's allowed to know what the hell it's actually *doing* when it randomly wakes up my computer at 3am, scans the hard drive for a few seconds, and then goes back to sleep, but at least it lets me play the latest bethesda and EA games

@dielan @mirzaba @popefucker they don’t know any better, they’re here for the social network not the tech which is perfectly sensible. It’s the bad faith actions of the devs that are at fault, exploiting their audience to try and create a fedi monolith to exert some kind of “control” over the network. It won’t work of course, masto’ll probably peak mid year and then tumble down.

@dielan @mirzaba @popefucker most important to me is that it’s well optimized (there’s literally no reason people are paying $10/mon to host their instances, the stupidity of the devs are directly responsible for all this wasted money) and doesn’t attempt to restrict instances to their own enforced settings (Eg 500 char), which is very against the idea of federation (but so is slandering the “competition”)

@cdmnky @sylveon openBSD is the woke option

@thegibson still better than Brave “””privacy-oriented””” browser replacing blocked ads with their own ads

@dielan @mirzaba @popefucker Ironically, it’s not hard coded into either software. Pleroma & it’s dev team is entirely apolitical (except as far as being apolitical is itself a political stance), and while Mastodon’s team, marketing and flagship server are politicized, none of it’s actually hardcoded. The CoC for example is just a default suggestion, but can easily be changed. Many racist and hate instances are hosted using Mastodon without problem. Pleroma just has a relatively higher frequency of “”“Nazis””” (of the free speech, anything goes stripe), and far as I can tell it’s because they have a distinct tendency to be more attracted to well written, lightweight code over bloatware. That’s literally the differentiating factor. Go figure.

@dielan @mirzaba @popefucker when mastodon users call pleroma nazi they don’t mean actual political nazis. I think they mean anyone who uses racist, hateful language or holds discriminatory beliefs etc. Which mastodon has more of in absolute numbers but Pleroma does relatively.

@mirzaba @popefucker gitgud is incidentally “pro-gg”. It’s just an alternative to GitHub run by 4chan users. Anyone using it will be from 1. 4chan and 2. Anti-GitHub, but it doesn’t necessarily mean they’re 3. Pro-GG.And there is only one founding dev, lain, and afaik the code was always hosted on his personal git.Pleroma just attracts nazis because it has a user defined CoC. It’s instance by instance.

@hagi Hagi, i....

@levi @crushv @hellpie one should compartmentalize personas, Levi

@swcw if u don’t know that means I do and u don’t and I do im telling you what it is

@swcw im sure. it is

@swcw i know. you should like all new my posts from now on.



@crushv oh sorry i thought you said that one was ok

niggers learned how to use the internet at the same time babies did, with touch slab ifugs. makes you think

@swcw good content

​comic2.png

@nerthos @Arch @meowski @loli @SRSB its not natural its because food stamps dont give enough nutrition for our brain to grow otherwise we niggas would have above room temperature iq too and then we could have the will to do work too and not need food stamps you see thats welfare trap a jew taught me its systematic racism

@ScribbleAddict blocked

@sjw @yoloCNoF3MJW8AAZXy7.jpg

@yogthos everyone will just think the mirror is one-way

@Arch @meowski @loli @SRSB IQ tests discriminate against niggers spics arabs and abbos. theres a whitey-asian-indian conspiracy to bring them down they made computers hard to use on purpose to so that they could make more money than us

@SRSB @loli @meowski @miya Why use complex and inconsistent drug tests to weed out undesirables, when you could just administer an IQ test?Or spike the weed and save on bullets.

@crushv @wowaname @foxhkron oh oops i see. I was mistakenPSA: sorry everyone favoriting does do something!!!!

@wowaname in what way? dont posts only appear in the timeline if they're reposted?

@crushv kk thanks, ill look into itsorry ive been doing hostile shitposting again btw. ill tone it down

@alice then why include them. fediverse so-far is a mindless twitter clone. the social gaming of like counts happen to be neutered (there's no reason there isn't a "like feed" from your followers tho except lack of imagination) but the rest of the manipulative features of twitter's design aren't

FAVORITNG DOESNT EVEN DO ANYTHING

@lain as in every post i make when i make itnot all of your posts

@crushv hey do you know of any good software for self-hosting an online radio stream?

@lain pleroma feature ideaautomatically favorite every post you makei mean theres no reason not to. people cant even see who favorited what

@js @rick_777 @kaniini @dgold I see. Still harmful. There is zero reason to take down peoples phone numbers. It's incredibly invasive and should only be done when absolutely necessary.

@miya hahaha yeah thanks feminism, now I'm achingly aware of the centuries-long abuse and subjugation against workers that were considered subhuman and their so-necessary work that's been devalued and ripped from it's rightful place among the craftsmen. Fuckin, man, i wish feminism hadn't opened my eyes to the historic fact that being alive in this body means someone expected me to sew so now I know how to sew and I'm the one that sews, hate feminism, want to become a tool instead.

@js @dgold @rick_777 @kaniini why would Joe normiefuck care about XMPP if he can't even handle Slack? There's nothing difficult about registering with an email and apps regularly ask for it. Why not provide the option to sign up with email as well as phone number? The only reason the dev would do it is either out of stupidity (inexcusable) or later planned evil.

@Wewereseeds thanks feminism

@cereal so ... a self-correcting system?I wish all shit software worked like that.

@matrix1535581596102.png

@shit @Rude @SRSB @maria STFU @shit youre just a stupid anime stoner what do you know?

@shit @Rude @SRSB @maria Americans aren’t fat and dumb. American niggers are. Over 50% of black females are obese. If you remove just our 12% niggers, not even our 12% spics, from the statistics America moves back to the top 15 of SAT scores and obesity.

@shpufeff @dirb @moonman timelines, notifications, likes, following, reposting all suck. They're leftovers from a 2.0 system designed to manipulate ad-awareness and gamify the attention economy. The fediverse will always be terrible until an implementation actually stops to consider the reasons behind each ported feature, rather than just idiotically cloning them.

@Majkatsu wew

National Socialism really is the model of an ideal society for most people, left & right. This is because the entire design of the system is built around one singular goal: maximizing the well-being of its citizens. A most noble goal, and every principle followed from it:The people had total freedom in everything from business to guns, while still having the strongest social, elderly, ecological and animal welfare initiatives in history. They ended fiat currency and built a labor-backed dollar; they banned usury, taking interest on loans, to eliminate debt-slavery. The only economic interventions made were in regulating things that have the potential for degeneration, negative influence society, such as advertising or porn. The only restrictions on freedom of speech were that threatened to damage society. To eliminate destructive foreign influence, they restricted media outlets to only their own citizens. They heavily emphasized the right to employment, providing nationalized jobs when none were available (they are the only nation to ever achieve 0% unemployment). They were strict with criminals, with violent crime placed on the same level as financial exploitation. They encouraged the health and physical fitness of their youth; they supported their mothers. They maintained full religious freedom.Who can disagree with any of this? It's a utopian society, and it existed. There are only two caveats. One, the citizenship was limited to people who were actually German—true of many countries today (try getting a Chinese, Japanese or S. Korean citizenship) but still against the leftist dream of the above utopia + brownwashing. But second, and most important, they expelled the Jews. Of course, that's what made utopia possible in the first place. It's also why they were antagonized into an unwanted war, and after had their reputation destroyed in an attempt to make the world forget its only living utopia.But now you know, and you only have to sacrifice one thing to get it. Is it a hard trade?

@miya@letsalllovela.in so two sides of the same shekel

Communism is the continuation of Judaism by other means.

@dielan @p @leyonhjelm @xeno but natsoc wasn't uneven. it was very even, within its citizenship. they only didn't care about citizens of other nations, just like any other country. uneven distribution of state welfare is unique to socialism (and in-practice communism though not in-theory)

@orekix flan!!

@crushv is there any way to know?

@meowski @shit @loli yeah I’ve met people with fried brains but not watched it happen to anyone personally. I attribute it to a kind of PTSD or repeated exposure to emotionally draining situations. I don’t think it’s neurotoxic

@meowski @shit @loli nah its woke. Microdosing is like having a cup of coffee. Tripping is overdosing on coffee (more accurate metaphor would be cough syrup) for the extreme effects. Not that tripping isn’t good for its self- therapy but microdosing does increase productivity at a level even more noticeable than coffee, though not as effective as adderall imo

@meowski @shit @loli there obviously isn’t much research done in psychedelics until very recently so it’s an impossible standard, but no study has ever demonstrated a detrimental effect from long term use

My neighbour has this flower peeking into my backyard.   I couldn't get close enough to see if there is a camera hidden inside.   Is this even legal?

@crushv @hellpie sorry sorry

@augustus or yknow expell the jews

@meowski @miya @loli yea that guy is a dumbass. but mushrooms idk i never done lsd but mushromos change the way u think., it can make u see things in a diferent way for sure

@meowski @shit @loli We tracked the experiences of 98 microdosing participants, who provided daily ratings of psychological functioning over a six week period. 63 of these additionally completed a battery of psychometric measures tapping mood, attention, wellbeing, mystical experiences, personality, creativity, and sense of agency, at baseline and at completion of the study. Analyses of daily ratings revealed a general increase in reported psychological functioning across all measures on dosing days but limited evidence of residual effects on following days. Analyses of pre and post study measures revealed reductions in reported levels of depression and stress; lower levels of distractibility; increased absorption; and increased neuroticism.https://psyarxiv.com/cw9qs+ many anecdotal accounts

@loli loli...nu....

@hellpie bison cow same shit. pig is actuly cros between wild boar and human dna. made for being a source of food for the alien masters other than eating humans

@hellpie kind of like Mexicans the abortion race of rape babies from the spanish fucking subhuman natives

Pork is the WORSE thing you can eat.The cow and pig are not even natural animals. Tell me where in nature can you find a cow? If I wanted to see a gorilla I'd go to the jungle... If I wanted to see a polar bear I'd go to the arctic. Where in nature is a cow? A farm is man made and cows and pigs are hybridized animals. A pig is cross bred between a muskrat, bobcat and hyena. So you're eating a muskrat... Just let that sink in.

@dielan @p @leyonhjelm @xeno that’s not natsoc. Natsoc cared about citizenship, not race. The only exception was expelling the jews. They provided comprehensive welfare (far more than any social/commie state has ever achieved) delivered to all deserving citizens https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Socialist_People%27s_WelfareThe modern progressive west is much, much, much more racially divide than Natsoc Germany ever was

@shit @loli @meowski microdosing LSD for productivity is woke

@alice @sim @lain @rice you’ll find more today in Taiwan than China, and I think the second largest number is in US. The ones left in China are usually secretive.

@judgedread @p @TedTV It's an artifact from a forgotten era where children's programming didn't attempt to introduce them to crossdressing.

@p @PussySlayer @judgedread @TedTV new technology creates more better jobs for horses

@p @ffs ah pete you're lucky my mom beat me when i loaded up a game once because it had a virus and now i can only do spreadsheets and read the bible on the computer

@ffs I know the difference between boomers and GenX; GenX tends to be more technically literate than boomers.I don't know what a podcast is.  I don't know much about computers other than--other than the one we got at my house.  My mom put a couple games on there and I play them.

@judgedread @p It’s true, I live at home with my mom and her black boyfriend.  We’re just living on welfare and I yell at people online to vent my frustrations.  Please don’t be mad at me daddy, I’ll be better, I promise.

@sim @alice @lain @rice Daoist monasteries do not care at all what form your practice takes, but you’ll have to dig to find a proper one thanks to commie china’s eradication

@stimothee les femme des la mastodon

oh man so help me. I'm at work. I just referenced the TBOTD chapter, the darkness, with the insciption. So help me buddy.The fact you can open it on the computer, you know the one with like YYY's oh man. It's The Matrix. It's the bottom line that "ADP Goes Crooked" is a real mindfuck. The fact you can like carve this in stone. So help me, asia buddy. Pretty much like the 3:6:18 part.So help me asia buddy. I even looked at it on this screen. The bottom line is WE (R) SOME SAKRED IR8TH SHINNING SHINNING SOYUE SOYUE meh. beheh.buffaloburgermageddonr?

@crushv @foxhkron Analogn’t

Here’s a math problem. A Chinese guy’s running a corner shop in a bad part of town. He doesn’t have time for bourgeois concerns over microaggressions or systemic racism. He’s just trying to make ends meet by minimizing shoplifting.A black teen & a white teen both walk into the shop separately. He can only keep his eye on one at a time. He doesn’t recognize either of them, but from previous experience, black have been the ones who steal most often. Inversely, he has almost never caught a white shoplifting. This doesn’t come out of any racism, it’s just pattern recognition based on data. Whether or not it’s due to their poverty or education levels isn’t relevant to the shop owner, all that matters is which individual is more likely to steal.Acting logically, should he split his attention evenly, or focus more on one?Of course he’ll focus on the black. Is this unfair to the individual? Perhaps, but the shopowner is only being rational. Now the white has an opportunity to exploit his “privilege” and steal with lower risk of getting caught. But he doesn’t. Why not? Because if he did, then whites would no longer have that privilege. There’s a racial responsibility they each carry as a group, and they can act selfishly and dishonorably at scale to exploit their privilege, or choose not to. The whites earned their privilege by acting honorably & continue to maintain it by not exploiting their privilege.The blacks, on the other hand, did exploit their basic trust by stealing, lost the privilege, & continued to steal, never earning it back. So the shopowner watches him like a hawk. Is it unfair? To the individual maybe, but as a group, they collectively earned their position. If they want something to change, it doesn’t start with blaming the chinese shopowner for being racist, it doesn’t start with the blaming the white for being privileged, it starts with the blacks-for not deserving privilege. If you want to be treated like white people, you have to start acting like them. The Asians did it, why can’t you?

@yolo good content

tired: socialismwired: no taxation without representation 🇺🇸inspired: taxation is theft give me liberty or give me deathfight for your freedompictured below are: USS Enterprise, the most decorated ship of WWIIUSS Concord, named after the site of the first battle of the American revolutionUSS Iowa, big and powerful but cute boat. a chad in both the pacific and atlantic theaters of the warthank you for reading my blog post2419013179ff69e7956305307f434e0…5a94df41e65a5452de5760e9fb5a5b4…2229871034658cf3b948d84002432ea…sfw9.pngsfwa.pngsfwb.pngsfwc.pngae0a42091d39b377493bd2ddc50a445…e3e672e22197f1e0b9e2dcb25d9a01e…

@lady_jellypotato @lain there are only two genders on the internetTrans and trap

@igeljaeger Oh i forgot you’re in GermanyDoes your instance need to follow Germany’s speech laws too? You should warn lev

I like history now

@Majkatsu @igeljaeger @weeb bug lain to implement thread muting. The entire mention-thread design of twitter is retarded.

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu @weeb American libs don’t bother denying the correlations anyway. They just argue it’s due to “systemic racism” and external factors like poverty, education etc which is also correlated with race. However, the trend holds true even when they are considered for-the only thing that stays constant is race & iq-but “systemic racism” is an untestable catchall, so their worldview holds true (as long as they reject genetic science)

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu @weeb easyCrime by county (1) vs black (2) + hispanic (3) population by county

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu @weeb wasn’t it edgy enough. What is it say it

@moonman @starbreaker misogynistic dog piling trolls GTFO!!!

@Majkatsu @weeb @igeljaeger It’s not a gun problem its not a drug problem it’s not a crime problem it’s not an obesity problem it’s not a SAT score score problem. They are literally just nigger problems. Factor out that troublesome 12% and suddenly America is top of the world again.

@Majkatsu @weeb @igeljaeger >teensYou mean niggersGun crime in America is almost exclusively black on black (and to a lesser extent, Mexican on Mexican, and to an even lesser extent, black on white) in the ghettos of cities with very strict gun laws.Mass shootings are relatively very rare and make up a fraction of percent of murders in the US, they just make good news.

@loli @meowski Trinidadian island niggerAlso weed is the lowest IQ recreational drug. If you smoke it you are an honorary nigger.

@meowski @loli the lying doctor should be executed.Pointing to the possibility of due process not being followed is a shitty argument against execution. Due process is presumed to be done correctly. Even being jailed for a year mistakenly is a serious undermining of the legal system. There’s no room for take backs

@liangbeijiu thx. I read the manga I didn’t know it was adapted

@liangbeijiu is this about the two class reps

@Majkatsu @weeb @igeljaeger except when you get a towelhead slaughter

there are no girls on the internet

@wizard @Elfie @Loki It should’ve been a niche anime tbh but it became huge bc of the good characters and heavy fan service so now everyone watches it even though it doesn’t bother following anime convention and just focuses on a few things it likes so most people are indifferent, and a minority appreciate it.If u think it’s garbage though you’re low IQ sorry

@crushv>br☹️

@Elfie @wizard @Loki monogotari is good

@jude @nolan

@crushv @clacke how about suppository?

@clackeVirgin vitamin pill vs the Chad B12 injection

B12 is the coolest vitamin. It's the only organic molecule we require that has a cobalt atom in there, and part of the story of its discovery involves a scientist eating and throwing up some meat for test subjects to eat. Is this the earliest example of some degree of intentional gut flora transplant?threadreaderapp.com/thread/108…Being lacto-ovo veg provides me with a trivial source of B12. Vegans need to take precautions, but generally they know that.

@DetectiveHyde false, though (and actively unpleasant)actual best isaHR0cHM6Ly9wbGVyb21hLnNveWthZi5…

@Elfie @xeno @p FSE users are just trolls or nazis/supremacists. They’re not actually mentally ill. There’s a special brand of hostile autism/bpd/light schizo that can be extremely negative and toxic and they always tend to go towards fringe left radicalism, Eg veganism, anarcho-x, radfem etc, for whatever reason. Those communities are always much much worse than anythingOn the other hand full on schizos tend to be extremely racist

@xeno there there xenopal. it’ll be ok 👍

@miya I think I saw the thread you're subposting and you should know that person has a history of incoherent negativity and they aren't worth any space in your head.I hadn't seen that person in a while I thought they were gone for good, I guess unfortunately not. What they said to you was super mean

@igeljaeger @loli actually telling someone to kill themselves counts as a violent threat and you could goto jail :/

@miya here's a reaction image i think you may find of use in your quests465a40bd30f39491ccf49a5713a1eaf…

@some_qualia okay.. sorry

@some_qualia in sorry I said sweetie, I didn’t know that is a rude thing to say. Please stop insulting me it really hurts. I have autism so I’m not very good at social situations I’m sorry if I was rude. I feel really bad now, I’m sorry.

@some_qualia I don’t know why you’re insulting me now. I never insulted you or said anything mean. Please leave me alone

Sigh... as a bipolar trans person I really can’t deal with all the pent up negativity in some of the people here on fediverse. I don’t know why they always try to force it onto other people. They don’t even consider MY experience

@some_qualia y are you being so hostile? You’re acting like you’re threatened. i just asked your opinion on something related to your discussion. If its not something you’ve considered you can just say “idk” not get aggressive. Nothing left to say. I can see you’ve got a lot of hatred & negativity built up inside but it’s not an excuse for unleashing it on other people. I hope you find something that can make you happy & a way better way to deal with your troubles. Have a nice day.

@some_qualia ok I was just wondering if you had anything interesting to say on the topic beyond on your OP. Guess you don’t!

weihan saving the day once again https://twitter.com/liangweihan4/status/1085731903712329728

@sim tbh scots shouldn't be allowed to exist the entire place needs to be nuked scotland was a mistake gott strafe

@DeeUnderscore @oct2pus actually the 2000s never happened it was a Barack Obama invented fake news conspiracy theory. It’s 2009

@PussySlayer @igeljaeger @cvcvcv @sjw @jack @miya @lizzeboof @matrix :virgin: East Coast:• Trains (communist)• Civilization• Statues• A plaque outside a bar that says Ben Franklin once screwed here• Florida and the Carolinas.• Compulsory formal dress at work• Closer to Europe:hacker_v: :hacker_s::chad: West Coast:• Cars (individualist)• Wild West• Computing• A nuclear reactor that looks like tits• California and possibly other states• Wearing shorts to job interviews• Closer to Japan

@some_qualia so what you’re saying is you don’t have a counterpoint that amazon provides a previously unavailable distribution platform to micropublishers and no real reason to criticize it beyond market share

@miya Then apologize. Own your mistake. Tell the people who you wish to see dead -- the ones you said were wrong to steal food for survival reason -- that you were wrong.It's not me you have to convince. It's them.

> though Web 2.0 encourages the broader, ever more interconnected amateur web population to upload, share, record, and participate at increasing rates, it does so by ensuring the erasure of the personalized, Geocities-ugly “Welcome to my Home Page” aesthetic long hated by web designers and other members of the professional class. Users, in other words, must now operate within the hell of beautiful interfaces designed by experts. TL;DR: Website Eugenics.

@KitsuneAlicia I said I was sorry. I don’t want anyone dead!!!

@aeveltstra is it true that the C programming language stands for  Code

@KitsuneAlicia all i said was stealing is wrong... im sorry..

@some_qualia why is it bad tho do you even have an argument

Another shitty day on the fediverse... some people can be really mean. I don’t understand it at all.. I feel so bad sometimes. I need to take a break. Sorry I’m so fucking dumb and everyone hates me.. I’m so pathetic

@KitsuneAlicia I just wanted to share my opinion and try to understand your side. I wasn’t mean af all. why are you attacking me??? how is it privilege? I’m a trans person with autism suffering from my bipolar disorder, I’m sorry if I’m not good at understanding social situations well but it makes me feel really bad to find out you’re showing me to all your followers and attacking me. I’m really sorry please stop doing this I feel terrible

@some_qualia but they don’t. They give them a platform by acting as distributor. That’s their model. They monopolized distribution, not publishing. Except with e books, but selling information is a crime anyway and a humans rights violation, so.... 🤷‍♀️

@some_qualia I didn’t say they didn’t exist sweetie

@some_qualia don’t you think it’s given them a bigger platform than before? It used to be only the big publishers were an option, other than that, just tiny run artbook or museum funded publications or handmade self publishing. Amazon has made it possible for micropublishing to be a thing

@some_qualia what about micropublishers who are able to use amazon as a distribution platform

@KitsuneAlicia I can see your filled with hostility hatred and negativity. I’m sorry about whatever has made you this way, but I’m not going to let you affect me. Do not bother replying, you and your entire instance have been instance blocked. I hope you find something that can make you happy.

@some_qualia all information should be free

Urinals really killing the mood of this pic. Feelin valid af beyond that

@KitsuneAlicia wow what the fuck?? Why are you being so hostile? I’m not allowed to share my opinion too now?? You’re literally just as bad as the people you pretend to hate.

@foxhkron @lain @P4N1 “another” nasa has never been to the moon it was staged read a book

@nosleep @lain @ayy no problem all you need is a vpn and trusted proxy handler. check out the mag-subs BBS lots of info that’ll get you set up. not as much in it as theee used to be tho..

@KitsuneAlicia stealing being illegal isn’t unjust.... stealing is always wrong... just because someone else is doing it doesn’t make it ok... feels like kind of fucked up thinking,? sorry idk

@lain @ayy I paid for (and built myself) my first gaming pc by collecting cash back from mag’ subs. Bur you have to be smart to do it- you see. most people forget to cancel

@KitsuneAlicia stealing is wrong.

The jews invented transgenderism in worship of their hebefreak god ywhw in wermacbt Germany by forced sexual reassignments to destroy the aryan people through Jewish mind control or some thing like that

@DetectiveHyde @cant_into oh sorry I was wrongMoney was catholicI was thinking of John Oliven, who coined the famous Jewish phenomena of transgenderismMoney was just jewish mind controllled. They even got to his name, wow

@nosleep @igeljaeger *zips*

@oct2pus @girl lol

@nosleep @igeljaeger *unzips pants*

@yuduki super cute pfp

@DetectiveHyde @cant_into jew

@sophia @matt trolling with a purpose! This is why the left always wins

@ihavebigtits @cant_into google free skyrim nude mod sex mod for free online

@hailsatan @lynnesbian

@loli ok look loli @freespeechextremist.com I was with you about killing the niggers spics and jews but this is just...too far....

@FloatingGhost @abs yes. Get woke

@loli why not just kill niggers and spics so there aren’t any more criminals to houseOr just kill the jews so there aren’t any niggers, spics or drugs at all

@FloatingGhost @abs you can revoke consent though. Unless you live in a refugee country, you’re free to reject your citizenship and attempt the immigration process somewhere else (if you’re so shitty no where will take you (and somewhere always will, you might just not like it) that’s your problem, not theirs).The only thing you didn’t consent to was being born and legally tied to your guardians until the age of 18 (or whatever age it is wherever you are)

@p @crushv nik going sledding is the only thing of lasting consequence i can remember from the thread.  i also wish fun was had!

@alice one time I was banned from a slsk irc for opening witho/ hiBc apparently that’s a nazi saluteowo/

@levi @crushv @Ricotta wow this guys seems like an idiot. lets just ignore him you guys. lol.

@crushv @levi @Ricotta destroyed!!

@levi @crushv @Ricotta youre a fucking idiot LEvi. no one thinks youre cool. just get out of here. idiot.

@monorail ugh. stfu?

@wintgenstein stfu... srsly...

@Redseebee STFU!!!!

@crushv @levi @Ricotta based mods gamers unite :smuglain:

@levi @Ricotta you already got banned from lal.l...yure just asking for trouble now you fucking

@levi @Ricotta CAn it, Levi.

​unknown-2.png

@Ricotta ricotta... nu.....

@levi Pretty good. You? :thicc:qy2nsdKaX3vPUg.pngk6D0_p49wYc76A.png

@miya soy

Wow ok I guess not I’m guess I’m just blocked by everyone then huh? I knew none you cared...

@freemo @ayy @nerthos Degeneracy isn’t decided by substance or substance abuse. It’s decided by what’s harmful to society. If the Dutch can coexist happily with X drug, it’s non degenerate. If X drug results in a situation like 90 NYC’s crack epidemic, it’s harmful to society and whatever factors that are causing it (it’s not simply just the chemical substance) should be mitigated for the greater good.

I made this joke for like 3 years in random chats before I found out elder scrolls online actually exists lol

anyone want to play skyrim online?

@nerthos @freemo @ayy imagine having this distorted an understanding of human experience and tradition

Bigger luke

Off to trader joe’s do u want anything

@marsxyz @lain @mono @moonman >implying “hurr stupid anti vax so dumb” isn’t the handfed normie positionlol

Daoist Sexuality in 5 Points1. Everytime you cum you lose a day of your life2. If you fuck but don’t cum you become more powerful3. Semen is stored in the brain 4. Don’t trust women they want your cum it makes them live forever5. If women don’t steal your cum you can make it to 100 and then you live forever

:lainhappy:IMG_20190118_171202.png

@cant_into what else do you know?

And that's just the appendix of supplemental treatments!@crushv don't worry, I'll be working on the female-oriented manual next. did you know fresh Jing delivered onto the face is the secret to eternal beauty?

ENHANCING SEXUAL ENERGYThere are several commonsense actions you can take to ensure peak sexual energy:1. Maintain a daily exercise routine.2. Eat healthy foods, especially vegetables and fruits, and voide processed foods or foods containing sugar. Sugar will deplete your sexual energy, and over time completely destroy it.3. Be hygienic. When the body is clean it is far more energetic. Every day apply a cream, lotion, or herbal extract to the entire shaft and head of the Jade Stem and the Dragon Pearls. Creams containing ginseng, aloe vera, and Vitamin E are best.4. Stay away from cigarettes, caffeine and reactreaional drugs. Alcohol will increase sexual desire when consumed moderately, but dull your senses when consumed to the point of drunkenness.Less obvious ways to enhance your sexual energy:1. Shave the entire pubic and groin area. When the genitals are shaved, it triggers adolescent responses in the body, making you feel younger and much more energetic.2. Have a cup of American ginseng tea twice a day.3. Every day for 60 days, eat two ounces of crushed walnuts. This will restore sexual energy, strengthen erections, and increase semen quantity. After 60 days, stop ingesting the walnuts for 90 days before beginning the process again.

INCREASING SEMEN QUANTITY AND QUALITY1. Soak the Dragon Pearls in cold tap for 3 minutes. Do this every day for 30 days, then wait 30 days before performing the soak again. Within a year you should be able to double the amount of semen you normally produce, provided you are taking the herbs and doing the exercises previously listed.2. Take a piece of sliced red ginseng every day and place it in your mouth until it completely dissolves.3. Ejaculate only once in every 3 masturbations. The other two times, stop before the sensation of climax occurs and simply relax until the urge to climax disappears.4. Let your sexual partner see you ejaculate. Rather inside her or into a condom, do so on her body or even onto yours. It will create two important psychological responses: first, you will want to ejaculate more semen because you are put in a position of exhibition; second, your partner will want to draw more semen from you.5. For those fond of oral sex, it is advisable to eat fresh cinnamon, licorice root, or pineapple to make the semen taste better. Dairy products and sugar (of which alcohol is based) will make the semen taste bitter or rancid and should be avoided.

STRENGTHENING THE ERECTION1. Masturbate as often as desired, but only to the point of stimulation, not ejaculation. This will greatly increase sexual energy as we ll as strengthen erections and increase seminal fluid production, while reversing desensitization that might have occured.Wear tight underwear so that more blood remains trapped with the Jade Stem during dailing acivities.2. Take either fresh ginger or ginger extract capsules every day. Among ginger's numerous health benefits is an increase in blood circulation to the extremities.3. Stimulate the kundalini gland, located a couple of inches inside the anal orifice. When stimulated it can greatly strengthen erection.The best technique for stimulating the kundalini gland is to lie on your back and have your partner insert their middle finger, with the palm of the hand facing down, fully into your anus, and then press down repeatedly with the finger in the rectum. Have your partner tightly grasp the base of the penis and scrotum with the other index finger and thumb. The effects of the erection will be felt more fully if your partner orally stimulates the Jade Stem's head while tapping the kundalini gland.

ENLARGING THE JADE STEM'S HEAD1. Soak the Stem's head in warm (not lukewarm or hot) water to increase blood flow. Do this daily for 100 days, and then stop for 30 days before starting again.2. Have your partner grasp and apply pressure to the base of the Stem's shaft and entire scrotum with the index finger and thumb of one hand. She should then orally stimulate the head, using firm suction of her lips and mouths for several secons; this will also help draw blood into the Stem's head. This exercose should be repeated for 3-4 minutes every day for 100 days, and then stopped for 30 days before beginning again.3. The third method is applying the Dragon Collar directly beneath the Stem's head and keeping it there until the erection has subsided. This will help trap blood in the Stem's head for a longer period of time, helping to stretch and expand the head.

Transcribed a chapter on Ching Revitalization from a Daoist Sexual Meditation Manualhttps://edith.reisen/internal_alchemy/sexual_meditation/revitalization_ching.html

FLUORide <-> FLUORescentCIA === glow in the darkfuck i'm starting to see the connections

do you realise that in addition to fluoridating water, there are studies underway to fluoridate salt, flour, fruit juices, soup, sugar, milk, ice cream? children's ice cream!you know when fluoridation began? 1946. how does that coincide with your post-war commie conspiracy? it's incredibly obvious, isn't it? a foreign substance is introduced into our precious bodily fluids without the knowledge of the individual, and certainly without any choice. that's the way your hardcore commie works.I first became aware of it during the physical act of love. a profound sense of fatigue, a feeling of emptiness followed. luckily I was able to interpret these feelings correctly: loss of essence. I can assure you it has not recurred.succubi sense my power, and they seek the life essence. i do not avoid succubi, but I do deny them my essence.

@DetectiveHyde this post reminded me of sleevejobs for some reason and I felt duty-bound to remind you of them too #nsfw23ecccc2ba38dd616a2487e857a67f7…

i love my 13 year old forever loli GF!

​DxYiWG9VsAARhdW.jpg

@crushv nope...

@lain @zemichi I love my eterno-seven year old CRISPR loli waifu!!16_comic-1-png.png

@zemichi imagine, once the chinese are good with CRISPR, this will be a reality. and not even with stupid pills, on the genetic level.

@lain @zemichi they already have technology to tranfser conciousness to another body but dont share it with the masses

@crushv what's the port for gopher

BLAST your way to MEGA BUCKS with my !!secret!! SEX-POWER FORMULA

@noyoushutthefuckupdad there's millions of weak emotional people who just stay on twitter all day waiting for the hiveswarm to direct them to the next target to fulfill their primitive desires of hounding enemy monkeys. it's pretty sick but this is the world technology has enabled

@proxeus you just take a hammer and break the hard drive, it's NOT HARD fcuking dumb ass  fucking weenie making it COMPLICATED

@redneonglow @cvcvcv oh FUCK you are the TROLL in the family. you are the tranny fucker FAGGOT TRANNY in YOUR FAMILY you ass sucking FAGGOT TRANNY

@redneonglow   like i'm going to fall for that, nice TRANNY   FAGGOT fucking GAY , fucking PROFILE PICTURE, I K Now you are a fucking INDIAN  dumb ass little BITCH

being a girl is the best thing that ever happened to my sociability! i can *gasp* make friends?

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu @leviNPC @sjw @weeb how many users do you even have? 2 and a halfFUCK

@DetectiveHyde @kurisu watch out cvcvcv, he’ll sue ya!

Traps and trannies are different!!! Trannies trying to CLAIM the trap label is trap ERASURE

@kaniini @tija    I will ONLY use PLEMORA   because masta don is a fucking GAY NIGGER UI for fucking RETARD FAGGOT DEGNERATES, FUCK ing DUMB LITTLE NIGGER , FAGGOT, FEMINIZED SHIT FUCKING GAY LITTLE fucking TRASH, PHONE UI BITCH FUCK OFF

@leviNPC @Majkatsu @sjw @igeljaeger @weeb >kikes ruin traditional family structure with “””progressive””” gender relations>epidemic of failed marriage occurs>this is evidence we should abolish traditional marriage!

@igeljaeger @Majkatsu @leviNPC @sjw @weeb marriage is a part of all Tradition. Poz blinds you to the ditch of modernity

@karen @DetectiveHyde @nosleep of corseCvcvcv it is neutered cvcvcv. It should do random indiscriminate mentions each post. This is the mainstream co opting and diluting counter culture

@nosleep look here. Speaking as a Jewish neurodegenerate, I

Yep so you’ve seen the 2hu run instances of pleroma you’ve seen the unstable tranny run instances of pleroma but where is the jewish run instance of pleroma?

If you’re the only one on your instance you don’t get to call it an instance....

@igeljaeger @leviNPC @crushv @xeno @Rude @p @essie UNTAG ME...

@igeljaeger @leviNPC @crushv @xeno @Rude @p @essie also traps are gay

@leviNPC @igeljaeger @crushv @xeno @Rude @p @essie there’s an art to a good ban. It should be beyond well deserved but from any outside perspective, seem totally trivial and biased because there is full plausible deniability. And then you come back and astroturf a shit storm to hold the admin “accountable” lol

@killeveryhetero can you please CW excrement?

@lain 😦

Tfw no lithe brown body

@roka @nepfag @weeb @alice dictatorship!!!

@shit @awg shit

@sjw @leviNPC @cereal @igeljaeger consent isn’t really relevant. It’s just used as a legal argument - the kid technically can’t consent, so it’s rape. Of course, the kid can consent. That doesn’t make it okay. The issue is it’s a kid, not consent. the question is if their body and mind is fully matured enough to experience sexual activity without physical or mental trauma, not whether or not they can legally consent to it.

@leviNPC it’s not good but it’s the best there is 🤷‍♀️

@DetectiveHyde @awg @shit @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna spam isn't spam if it's original content and intelligible. It's just harassment. You can't ban a user for posting quickly. You can ban him for being mean and posting quickly, but "free speech" instances don't have harassment clauses.

@alice is it @alfred ?

@jk post more

@orekix @lain ik but lain told me you can use curl to post with gopher but he wont tell me HOW

@alice interesting. is there git or project plans posted public anywhere?

@awg @shit @Majkatsu @DetectiveHyde @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna no, no. folk was banned for calling smugloli "smuglo" final straw after already pointing out they harbored gays. Fcvcvcv was banned on impulse because he's a bad boy and then nep started following him around telling him he's "not even funny" and other cute post-rationalizations after realizing it was a troll and his rep for being care-free was in jeopardy lol

@alice Imageboards! I'd like to see what a federated imageboard looks like and it's something I've begin working on a paper with a friend about. Static imageboards are in my opinion an ideal balance between 1.0 open endedness and 2.0 feature sets, but they've been inherently limited by a high momentum barrier of entry preventing free exit. This is something realtime imageboards solve but due to their low server costs & relatively small ideal community size (~10-50), ease of exit is already affirmed, so I don't see what value federation would bring beyond popularizing the realtime model. However federation could solve static imageboards by allowing any server to contribute to a master board—imagine fedi but sectioned under usenet style topics. The issue arises in deciding what is accepted under what urls, e.g. is /g/ for technology or for guro? and would probably have to rely on a kind of instance-based vote/fork based system similar to blockchain. An alternative purely fedi not based on existing platforms is left up to the imagination. perhaps some kind of xanadu social hypertext future.

Pleroma feature suggesting list:- make personal notifs timeline public on profile (omitting dms). i mean, why not? lol- no js fe- cryptojacking.js built-in to pay back raspberry pi cost- shadowbanning!! lol- timeline for faved statuses. network relativity undermines the social value of fav counts, faving a post literally just sends a notification to the user thats it. its a headpat. dumb- tell me how to post from gopher with curl please@lain

@Elfie @DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @dtluna >For someone that says Ego is not part of their sns you seem awfully full it.This is accurate, but its a character.>You also seem to be oozing negativityIt's for the purpose of engagement, though it probably doesn't make a difference. You seem like a nice person, sorry I've been negative. maybe if we meet in another thread we can be friends~

@Majkatsu @DetectiveHyde @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna if it's done manually and is genuine original content, it's not spam. cvcvcv was banned for getting them instance blocked for being anti trans without a spoiler block. he was banned for harassment, not spam. cvcvcv posting is woke and fully intelligible if you're not low IQ, only the mentions were arbitrary.and p wasn't the only """free speech""" admin that banned him (or the only one to later cucked out and tried to be "hip" with the cool kids by pretending to "get" it lol)



@DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna >Like a child who endures detested stimuli by saying "I don't care! I don't care!" and faking a laugh, trying to hide how hard they're shaking.this is how I would characterize the blocker, except they're closing their eyes hoping the blockee won't notice they're shaking.or "free speech" instance admins who ban cvcvcv lol

@DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna You make a good argument. Maybe it's due to the way I approach online discussion-what I'd consider a badge of honor is being able to find something interesting out of any engagement. Imo all discussion online is "asinine," they just often present a chance for entertainment or interest-value when engaged correctly—whether that be by a sincere, intellectual discussion that might offer some worthwhile avenues of research (fat chance) or insincerely engaging with a dullard to make them interesting by baiting them into saying something interesting or funny or by role-playing devil's idiot or using them as a platform do writing-as-thinking monologue over them whatever.Maybe if you really feel discussion can be serious and valuable online, you would evaluate some people not worth your time but that's a position that requires an ego attached to online identity, incompatible with my use of sns.

@Elfie @DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @dtluna when will there thread-muting tbh#untagmeplease...

@alice >It's Twitter with better character limits, more SJWs, and less algorithmic trash.Exactly (+ a few other things - robustness via federation, instance-by-instance moderation policy etc.) but my point is, this is still bad. We're still sitting on the foundations of 2.0 SNS cancer, slightly cleaned up, when we should be dreaming up something better. The frustrations with fediverse aren't due to federatino, they're just the limitations with the platforms its currently been focused on cloning.

@Majkatsu @Elfie @DetectiveHyde @igeljaeger @dtluna Majkatsu... I'm sorry...

@DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna >If someone walks away from a converastion it doesn't mean you're correctBlocking isn't walking away. It's cowering in the corner, sticking your head in the ground. If you could just walk away, you would just walk away.>If a person represents a waste of my time, I won't waste it on them.You can just mentally block someone who is a low-quality contributor (which is the vast majority of the fediverse anyway, btw). Someone being "annoying" is hardly justification for pulling the wool over your eyes. Of course, that's not the real reason, it's just what you tell yourself.No, people need a good and strong reason to justify willful denial of reality. It's not something that one does so simply. It's a survival-response to genuine emotional, intellectual, or existential threats.

@DetectiveHyde @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @Elfie @dtluna blocking anything except spam/bots is for the weak-willed. it's literally denial of reality. the only blocker I will ever respect is the blocker who admits they blocked because they can't handle the emotional, intellectual or existential threat represented by the blockee. because there is no possible reason one would resort to denial of reality than reality is a threat.

@crushv I was able to log in on the web again and havent run into any weird glitches since you last asked. not sure what you did but I think its fixed.

@roka voat is considered to have decentralized reddit in the sense that making an open-source clone allows anyone to host a not-reddit alternative, even if they don't communicate to each other. In that case, it would be federated—and it still reddit cancer.

@rin @igeljaeger @href Microblogging lets content be read rapidly without any significant time, intellectual or emotional investment; its blogging in an accessible, low-cost form. Putting it on a social network further dilutes the meaning-in-context that independent microblogs carry in their identity/brand/style, lowering the cost of consumption further and gamifying it into an attention economy; where each post directly competes for collective attentionspace. All of twitters interactive elements beyond simple tweeting—liking, retweeting, public following/followers—is designed to extend and exploit this gamification (and thus user engagement) by publicly signalling social ranking-values and allowing user manipulation of content organization (ie retweeting). Extending the organization of the order and spread of shared content through algorithms is just a more nuanced control that was too advanced for the early Twitter implementations.What's a pure, unmanipulative form of community microblog? Probably something like mebious.co.uk, or the irc sidebar in a popular Twitch stream. No manipulation of content ordering (by algorithm or user, eg retweeting), just a direct, unadulterated linear stream of user posts (or in mebious's case, hidden linearity within the most recent 10 posts). Looking at its purest expression, is it really the foundation that is correct for what we're trying to mis-use the manipulative 2.0 form for?

@rin @igeljaeger @href in a sense, the federated decentralized copies are WORSE than their originals bc the original knows exactly what manipulation it wants and aredesigned to achieve that. The attention economy, censorship and algorithmic control of content are FEATURES, implemented by design, and the fedi copycats don’t apply Henderson’s fence in their backwards engineering, mindlessly keeping the structure designed for those goals.

@rin @igeljaeger @href Compare Twitter (or FB, IG etc) to USENET which steps the fuck out of the way of the user and just organizes them onto a shared mailing list, or IRC, which is just group text messaging + dms. 2.0 services aggressively organize the way people communicate on their platforms in their fundamental structure, & instead of being blindly imitated in the name of decentralization, their structure should be considered.

@rin @igeljaeger @href the real use of twitter is low value microblogging (it’s so cold today!) in some cases upgraded to one liner joke tweets; use as a rudimentary rss (bot accts outputting every article by x publication) or for extended conversation & debate are in antagonism to the platform and largely hindered by its design. There just isn’t much better place for them on the internet as it stands.

@rin @igeljaeger @href the nature of federation largely eliminates the branding value of follower ratios, favorite/retweet counters, but stupidly - due to relative network exposure, favoriting doesn’t even serve an expressive, its sole function is sending a notification to the OP

@rin @igeljaeger @href pseudonymous identities introduce social egos, reputation into conversation which result in insincere discourse, clique formation, etc.; Limited room for sectioning discussion under sub/topics to accommodate niches; The threaded nature of discussion frustrates extended conversation, it happens in /spite/ of the Twitter structure rather than being bolstered by it

Voat didn’t do anything to fix what is cancer about reddit. It just decentralized the cancer that is reddit.And fedi didn’t fix twitter. It’s just anti-twitter for the kids too alt for prom.

@igeljaeger @rin @href alsoQuantum brain: reblog

@igeljaeger @rin @href that’s exactly why pleroma, mastodon, gnusocial are bad. Why are you trying to make Twitter But Decentralized (or IG Decentralized, FB Decentralized etc.)? Centralization isn’t why they’re bad, their fundamental structure is bad. Of the big fat list of what’s wrong with 2.0 websites, centralization sits last.

small brain: boostbrain: repeatgalaxy brain: announce

@p @nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno super uncle theory rests on the very weak assumption of genetic inheritance. Evolutionary theories r on par with sociological in their lack of testability. They can only try to tie together an explanation from correlations, their weight comes just from the strength of their assumptions; prove inheritance before super uncle

@crushv lots of traps take HRT or blockers for aesthetic reasons

@crushv @Majkatsu what do you say for “boosting”

@igeljaeger @crushv I don’t mind. Nik’s my friend and I already have alts on fse, smuglo & bsd I’m supposed to be using for this shit but I keep forgetting

@crushv @Majkatsu what do you say?

@crushv ok

@Majkatsu don’t subtoot me

@crushv sorry re:rape

@nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno I understand trying to gain acceptance to limit abuse in the short term, but its hurt any real chance of understanding queer sexualities on a scientific level in the long term. So it’s fun to trigger gays online with the truth: it is a mental illness. That doesn’t really change anything though, it’s just facing the facts for a better understanding.

@nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno the problem is introducing politics extremely damages the ability to do actual research on the subject. Scientists are forced to research hypotheses that fit political dogma or risk losing funding, or their whole reputation. Likewise, they have to hide results that reject those hypotheses.

@nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno The LGBT community (well specifically the gay community, the LGBT weren’t so united then) just aggressively lobbied the American Psychologicla. Association to remove homosexuality from the mental disorder as a political move because the label hurt their acceptance in the popular mind. They’re doing it with transgenders now.

@nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno I see. Well I put it an intentionally antagonistic way to bait you but you sound like a nice kid so I feel bad now. It’s really just semantic, considering a mental disorder doesn’t necessarily imply it can be “cured” Eg with therapy. It doesn’t also mean it’s not generic. Eg schizophrenia is genetic but also a mental disorder and can’t be cured.

@nosleep @igeljaeger @Melvin @crushv @Majkatsu @xeno no sleep... why are you angry just because my opinion on what is the accurate conclusion based on current scientific evidence differs from yours?To be clear, I don’t think your mentally ill specifically because your dad raped you. It could’ve been your uncle. It might’ve also been due to xenoestrogens causing a hormone imbalance in the womb.

@crushv @nosleep @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno I think what’s happening is that the /mtf/ on 4chan almost all a self hating and insecure person, and socially isolated hikkis, coupled with the HRT clouding their emotions, it makes them VERY vulnerable target for predators, who in this case are also emotional edgy and self hating enough to get kicks out of building a collection of kids carving their name into their legs.

@crushv @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno @nosleep oh comorbodity is a nice way of putting it. /lgbt/ is insane, people call 4chan a hate machine but /lgbt /is hate squads, its directed just as strongly at themselves as it is to each other. I’ve never seen such an extremely hostile and emotional environment lol

@Majkatsu @nosleep @igeljaeger @xeno ok wow look. I freely admit I have BPD but that doesn’t mean i have a mental disorder. That’s insensitive and harmful to the bipolar community

@crushv @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno @nosleep it’s super common in the 4chan /mtfg/ scene. A lot of trannies can be extremely dark and manipulative. I knew 3 different harem queens who maintained 10-20 ppl-trans, traps or pseudo trans-in abusive cycles for their own pleasure from that community and I didn’t even browse there, their refugees just tended to show up in my server cus I had a reputation for protecting them

@nosleep @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno homosexuality is a mental disorder. The only reason it was ever removed from APA’s list was because of political lobbying. There was never any study or reclassification that ever made it not a disorder. lol

@miya @Majkatsu @xeno @nosleep youre a monster

@miya @Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno yea you really shouldn't take advantage of people like that, you're a cunt

@Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno @nosleep sexuality is highly malleable when desperation and poor mental health is involved. It’s not nearly as much when people are healthy. But that’s not the kind of people you tend to meet online which is what gives the impression “everyone’s gay”. Not true, you’re just surrounded with mentally ill peopleShoutout to you Kiki!

@Majkatsu @igeljaeger @xeno @nosleep one time I spent 8 discord-months turning a trumpian alt-right hikkidweeb from anti gay ranter -> trapcurious -> ironic online bf -> unironic (for him, lol) bf-> trap, all as a joke. If I gave him another 4 months I probably could’ve made him trans. Any things possible especially with lonely NEETs.

@crushv i JUST now figured out how to look at instance timeline on my client lol

@crushv oh I should get in on that

@crushv @eal electron is the ultimate conclusion of web app. web app but not-web. Just offload the weight of crossplatform support to the web browser lol what could happen?

@lain @crushv how

@miya sorry i guess i had too much FUCKING FLUORIDE

@lain @crushv you can’t post through gopher

@crushv web apps were a mistake

😟☹️

@lain here’s a progressive enhancement For u. IDIOTCRYPTOJACKING AS PLEROMA FEATURE!I have to pay for these server costs somehow!!!

“DISABLING JAVASCRIPT IS A PRIVILEGE MANY USERS CANT AFFORD!!” - @lainActually, BREAKING WC3 ACCESSIBILITY standards is the privilege. js is only supposed to be used for PROGRESSIVE ENHANCEMENT. Siri, Let me use my screen reader!!

JavaScript is for PROGRESSIVE ENHANCEMENT ONLYif your website NEEDS js to run it is NOT standards compliant!! & the reason why the web SUCKS“b-b-but jabascrib is harmless... masterdob b-b-bad” - weeaboo fuck pleromatard founder, @lainWRONG. NERD!!

@crushv yea please!!

@awg @tija tfw no actually good modern web

@tija tfw no actually good modern web browsers

@larrydavis @happyhorseskull same...

@PaladinQuinn funny isn’t that how they feel when they see degenerates

Bang bang tekno klaat

BORN TO PLAY DONKEY KONGGENDER IS A FUCKRespect Em All 1989I am bomber guy410,757,864,530 GUESTS ON STREAM

@edheil @RussSharek @fuuko Born after ~95 so Web 2.0 SNS & places like reddit, tumblr etc had become standard hangouts by the time they became net of-age (14ish)

@edheil @fuuko @RussSharek does anyone from the 2.0 generation ever join telnet BBS’s?

@crushv uhh idk. It seems better but I never figured out how to replicate the issues so not sure. My account doesn’t show on one alt but it does on others so maybe lall was instance blocked?

.

@Luma chocolate milk when you’re hungover. Do you want to try?

@alice I see. I’m not familiar with Japanese fedi.There’s no reason the fedi can’t be as diverse as the Usenet era (well, maybe. the Twitter interface might somehow contribute to it idk), I just haven’t seen it personally.

@alice well again, mastodon’s diversity is largely imported from tumblr as well as twitter. I never use tumblr but Im familiar enough to recognize its the same archetypal interests and culture that you see on mastodon, but its still largely limited to a certain sphere. It definitely doesn’t cover the full realm of interests. How many times have you seen a sports discussion? I couldnt care less about it but a LOT of ppl online do, yet there’s near-zero presence on the fediverse.

@alice I’ve been around. You’ll find a much greater diversity on the mastodon side of things due to importing tumblr’s own diversity, but the pleroma side is pretty much entirely a collection of various NEET, programmer, linux weenie, anime, gamer and alt right archetypes. pretty much the same userbase that makes up voat, but with a stronger leaning towards a higher standard of technical competency. Which is fine, but it’s certainly not diverse

@alice USENET was probably the peak of internet diversity on a single “platform”

@alice actually, I find the crowd here very unvaried and predictable. It’s definitely a collection of different interests but largely from the same general sphere, with very few ppl that couldn’t easily be labeled in a list of less than ~20 identities. It’s about as differentiated as Instagram, which isn’t very at all. You’ll definitely find a much greater diversity on most other networks, normie or otherwise, from fb to discord to random offtopic sub forums on any popular BBS

@alice >the fediverse is the only real internet leftHow do you mean?

& things would be a lot more interesting if this wasn’t true

The cultural divide between the online & offline counter-culture/underground/etc has grown extremely wide post Y2K

The best you can find is those participating in the generating of a sub-movement who instead manifested the interest internally (alternative to externally, and internet introduced)

You will almost never meet a person raised on the 2.0 internet with an “interest” or “taste” that wasn’t developed through an existing community on the internet and isn’t shared by many other people you can easily find on the internet.

The internet used to be used to connect with other people who happened to shared your niche taste and form a previously impossible community, but now the internet just provides you a selection of niche tastes you can choose from and get “into” in order to be connected with other people. If it’s not covered, you’re out luck except by irl organization to form a “friend group” that might develop into a rudimentary “friends of friends” mailing list or FB group. And that’s it.

Strong labels are already run by the kind of guys who can predict accurately, so even if you can’t immediately tell “this is good” intuitively, it’s still piss easy for the low IQ & beautiful hanger on art kids/models to play pretend and no one cares bc they’re just there for a good party anyway. So why don’t the internet fuckers too? It’s pounding repetitive music in a dark room filled with drugs and randoms who don’t care. Why LARP the matrix-SE:L cyberpunk look online when u can live it too

Sufficiently “good” taste in techno to be scene is so easy too I don’t get why internet dorks struggle with it so hard. It literally just takes identifying the handful of forward thinking labels. Music is all patterns, electronic more starkly than most-working techno is just tracks that follow correct patterns and good techno just whatever predicts the forward edge of the pattern evolution.

The worst is when a nerd tries to build himself a little identity nest of genre expertise. At the highest level of autism, it just centers around arbitrarily picked genre(s) to obsess over, but at lower levels, they’re curated into a consciously “cool” set, again of various grades. Might be vaporwave memes or postpunk/industrial or japanoise, whatever. The ego and loneliness is obvious in everything they choose.

The techno scene is dominated by art kids just because they know it’s the only real (offline) contemporary underground.  It doesn’t have to be though. The people who produce (relevant) techno are nerds, or scene kids pretending to be.The problem is when computer dorks try to get “into” music digitally, and not by social influence, they end up in ego-ditches of various grades- reddit, /mu/, RYM, etc. They can’t help trying so hard to be cool, and they’re so bad at it. They miss the real thing

The art they make on the other hand leaves a lot to be desired. What value is there in their work when they’re totally oblivious to the actual zeitgeist driving online culture, instead only absorbing its modulated surface interpretations. Of all the artfucks I’ve known, I’ve only ever met one kid even familiar with 8ch.

You can bring ur thinkpad out to house parties and the art-rave kids “get” it’s cool and in-line but it’s still beyond them intellectually. Yet culturally they’re the only ones producing anything contemporary.

You would think there would be a crossover with codekiddies and FOSSfags given the autism inherent in modular but it’s at most limited to some minimal kool kid ricing for an ironic photo op at the extreme.

For how future techno and its underground scene is-the only relevant, present/future-minded and genuinely underground offline scene-its impossible to find any kids online or anyone online with even marginal taste for it beyond yt/sc posers.

Bang bang tekno klaat

​boomboomkek.png

@alice yes it does - ideally self-hosted. What’s your blog?

Hosting an e-business-card listing your SNS @‘s and link to your public git doesn’t count as having your own website

@igeljaeger do u live alone

@igeljaeger wrong. Neets can be very cute

@igeljaeger are you cute tho

@ropecheese I see. Cute.she can be my girlfriend

press F for fluoride

@ropecheese the title literally translates to Komi-san has a communication disorder

@Luma cute!

qutebrowser and surf suck ass cus they jib out sometimes with diferent media, icecat sucks ass cus all the addons dont even fucking work, palemoon actuly works ok

i swear i smoke all the weed i had and i was completely out then bought some but now i see that istill got a few nugs in a bag here. wtf. i swear i smoked them the o ther day wtffff

honestyly stardew valley sucks copared to harvest moon. snes harvest moon is way more fun tbh

people who think pop punk is just punk. dont even ever listend to real punk

add me on steam everyone who wants to b my fren on steam  https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingoffloors/ DO IT. lol

@lain //

all our asias is the stupidest shittiest boring crap shit fuckng aweful game i ever played and all reviews say its decent but its just some stupid gook talking about his family and thers not anythgn to actuly do except walk around/

I wonder how much producing and marketing baby-usable touchscreen smartphones to finally give niggers accessibility to the internet is responsible for the current state of things.

I wish the internets barrier to entry limited it to upper middle class white suburbia again.

Do people actually have trouble making money?If you’re poor you must be stupid. And no matter what you do, you’ll stay stupid and you’ll stay poor. IQ and wealth are directly correlated.

Writing isn’t writing anymore. It’s content. & content isn’t content anymore. It’s a vehicle to build your brand (more like you’re brand, lol). Why is everyone trying to sell everything on the internet? Stop monetizing information.

@SukinoSenze thanks! I’ve been meaning to try k drama

administering flouride directly into your bloodsteam you fucking gay medications somewhere else you fucking pink ass fucking flouridated mother fucker and I wont let you fucking do it!

@roka no its just an firehose insult applicable for the large majority of game devs on this platform. Game development tends to feel the entitlement to paywall information most strongly (in contrast, for example, to online independent music communities)

Content is free and deserves to be. Entitled hipster faggots trying to scrounge up pennies exploiting innocence of the open internet deserve to die. Paywalling information is a crime, that includes your shitty indie game. If you want money so badly make something with actual value?

No sentence written on Medium is sincere. Even at the very bottom level, it’s still just an entitled hipster faggot who got convinced every worthless action they do, every valueless “””content””” they shit out, deserves money. If someone told them they could get Paid Per Tweet, they’d come to expect that to.

Self-hosted blogs are personal and sincere. There is no commodification of writing - beyond only the rudimentary innocence of fighting for traffic and popularity. Users receive the content as a whole in reference to the rest of the blog.It’s very different from receiving content in reference to the rest of the centralized, algorithmically organized, hypermodulated, author-dissolved monolith that is Medium.Closest 1.0 equivalent to Medium are fake and autogenerated affiliate sites. Not blogs.

Generic clickbait makes money for every click through. Premium clickbait makes money for screen time. That’s the only difference between Buzzfeed and Medium. The content requires just as much artificial modulation to achieve value on both platforms. The nature of Medium’s value-proposition just requires a pinch  more subtlety, even as far as the algo-manipulation of its own authorbase goes, in hammering them into obedient content farms.

And it erodes the dignity, if there ever was any, of the author into a content farm just as efficiently as Buzzfeed. No one clicks through to the author’s page and other articles. No one even navigates outside the app (which if you don’t install, will have your mobile page 30% covered in banners through your entire reading session) to click the hyperlink references. Users stay within the Medium ecosystem as Medium conmoditizes screen time only.

Medium is elevated clickbait. Premium clickbait, if you will

@Gargron it's not like blogging is one of those things where the proprietary options are more compelling, open source blogging tools are crazy good and crazy prolific

@SukinoSenze oh I meant to reply to your earlier post. With the secretary

@rin this new normie bingefuck FEATURE fucks up using yt for music streaming. Fortunately there are dedicated inplementations for that as well as just alt yts front ends, eg invidio.us

@SukinoSenze oh I see....what’s it called?

@SukinoSenze where do you find eng subs

@wired framing current events in selective social media hot takes to fully condition its reception through appeal to the crowd is already the low hanging fruit of propaganda, but delivering with a bait and switch about fast food photo op that’s dug 40 tweets-as-news In is just mean.

@saga you’re the only one...god I’m so fucking pathetic...might as well just..cut.../////////

@crushv excuse im a neurodegenerate transslut@bpd.moe

@saga do u like me//

im fcjung //////// criyng all ovre my keybsodr /////// ///////////////////

I’m cutting ///////

@Ayachiii i knew it... u don’t care at all.. no one does..///////////

Hello???

* refreshes... again... *

@roko ok now here’s the part where u shud follow me back

Roko... oh no...

@roko ok now u follow me back

@ayy 😥

although Johnny Weir does show signs of higher enlightenmentJWe_128806396_e1.jpgJohnny-Weir-KentuckyDerby.jpg20-taraandjohnny-instagram.w700…

17. It should be standard practice for publishers of online games to release the server code for a game to its community when it goes offline.

@yolo nuu.. wtf.. stob...

Did you read this manga?xfbgrfcw2hb21.jpg

@virtual wow wtf... ok whatever..Fuck

@virtual @crushv do it u won’tPUSSY

@virtual @crushv I’m Miya Black Hearted Angel Baby and everyone loves me

@virtual @crushv *yawns*

@virtual @crushv *checks watch*

@virtual @crushv *taps foot*

@virtual @crushv I’m waiting

@virtual @crushv moment to send tummy

@miya @virtual :blobsweats:

@crushv @virtual they’re cute. they’re my little baby. mine mine mine

@virtual do it NOW sLUT!!

@virtual post your tummy

@virtual im in love with... you

@ayy @dirb lol

@virtual i though I recogninzex those eyes

@virtual post desktop

​

@saga oh I was trying to find toy earlierYou know how i realized it was u?neopets on your timeline

@saga are you santa zizek

@_ thank u so much.. that means a lot

@miya@letsalllovela.in stay safe please,, You seem very sweet and gentle and you do not deserve harm for the negativity and terrible behavior of online manchildren. ❤️

really negative say online today... lots of self critical thoughts rn... I think I should log off... or I might end up cutting again.... not like anyone reads this or cares. :/

@kaniini @_ @wowaname ironic that u say pleroma is for free speech yet you try to sue a transperson for just sharing their opinions................................. if you don’t like it u can just ignore it...... you don’t need to threaten or harass them...

@_ @wowaname @kaniini its ok it’s not your fault. I just have trouble dealing with all their hostility and negative energy. i mean? It’s not? Hard? To have a normal civil discussion? But every post is just filled with bitterness... I feel sorry u have to experience their attacks.......

@kaniini @_ @wowaname can we please just STOP FIGHTKNG?? why can’t you just leave xem alone??

@_ @wowaname @kaniini this is coming from a transperson whose suffered from manic depressive disorder for years... when you’re on the edge.. it just takes one push like this.. I’ve been there.. just because you’re neurotypical don’t assume everyone is...

@_ @wowaname @kaniini right.. sorry but that’s totally uncool....

@wowaname@anime.website HEY @kaniini@pleroma.site , you know what you can't sue someone for? Expressing concern about who is in charge of your software. You know what you CAN sue someone for? If they tell you "now I'm blatantly telling you to kill yourself"

@_ @wowaname yikes... kind of fucked up..

Pleroma's Guide on How to be Accepting of Minorities:If a neurodivergent transwoman expresses concern with the dev committee claiming to be "a-political" and for "free speech" (which is dog whistling for "we allow Nazis"), threaten to sue her, call her a (r slur here), tell her she's just an overemotional snowflake for wanting a safe space for people like her...Need I go on? 🙄

@_ @xj9 @kaniini @wowaname I know right? They do this everytime someone opens up a criticism of them. Then the moment we’re gone, they go right back to calling people n words and r words like it’s not seriously harmful. If they think there’s nothing wrong with it, why are they defending themselves so hard? just another two faced cis nerds club...

@_ @xj9 @kaniini @wowaname the fact that they removed it PROVES they knew it was racist. They just thought no one would find out in their white, cis, boy’s club. Publicly progressive, privately racist. Like we haven’t seen that before 🙄🙄😒

@kurisu @_ @kaniini ...you don’t need to contribute code to be apart of the pleroma dec community... projects are a lot more than just code. You can pretend to be hands off but that just enables internalized discrimination... pleroma proves itself once again backwards cryptobigots

@admin racists, no.  but they use allegations as a tool to avoid having the power dynamic shifted to one where they control the experiences of others.it's a common way of keeping power.

What’s actually worse? Your UX webpage loading a 5MB node.js motherload of doohickeys and widget boxes that’ll run up 10% processing power in your shitty chromium browser for the 2 weeks you leave it as a background tab on your to-read list vs. an itty bitty cryptojacker.js borrowing 1% to earn some moneyro?

@saga @wowaname imagine being this guy

Hey fellow content providers! Not making enough off affiliate com’s? Here’s how you can earn more revenue using crypto technology with on easy plugin!

Look buddy. If you don’t like it, why don’t you make your own site?? Am I supposed to making all this content for free or something? What am I, a slave?

Hi there, I noticed you had a cryptoblocked turned on. Actually, we need cryptojacking to afford the costs of running this site, and so if you enjoy the content we share, it might be cool if you considered turning it off. If you want to view the site without cryptojacking, consider subscribe to my Patreon. Just a suggestion, thanks for being a fan!

Why THE FUCK should “I” be paying server costs for this wonderful community YOU all use?DONATE some of your CPU or STOP BROWSINGPattern just ain’t gonna cut  it!!

@lain here’s a progressive enhancement For u. IDIOTCRYPTOJACKING AS PLEROMA FEATURE!I have to pay for these server costs somehow!!!

“DISABLING JAVASCRIPT IS A PRIVILEGE MANY USERS CANT AFFORD!!” - @lainActually, BREAKING WC3 ACCESSIBILITY standards is the privilege. js is only supposed to be used for PROGRESSIVE ENHANCEMENT. Siri, Let me use my screen reader!!

@essie oh.. it wasn’t working before... I swear...

If you use have javascript enabled... just.. lol...

@essie what’s wrong with my account?? ESSIE??? Why can’t I look at it???!!!

You have only 3 friends in this worldYou yourself and @cvcvcv @ bsd.moe

@crushv WHY is my account?? 404???

Oh it already existshttps://sparechange.iolol

@hagi omg...im touched...I always thought you profile is super cute BTW!!!

@miya noh, I noticed :poi-love: There was less tech rants in my tl and I thought, something is missing, something is not right

@cassidyjames list improvements

You have only three friends in this in worldMe, myself and Miya Black Hearted Angel Baby

@brad we can fix that

Tfw only girl in the Arch Linux meetup#trans #transexperience #LGBT

@ayy FOLLOW ME BACK!!!

@brad be my pleroma-gf

Yeah, I’m a makerfuck, I 3D print custom Gameboy cover-mods and sell them on Raspberry Pi sub-forums.FUCK YOU DISCORD BOT WRITERS!!

If the VC’s fund it, the codekiddies and makerfucks will come

@crushv ====//==🤙

Cryptojacking isn’t essentially different in invasiveness or (negative) ethics than contemporary vectors, just more advanced, the natural next step. The marketing gets increasingly “machined,” next its audience. Why not target hardware over brainware? I’m tapping my foot waiting for the .io to drop.

Browser-based cryptojacking is a legitimate form of, and the inevitable future of, online ad revenue.

@Finfell I’m sure no one greatly welcomes your poser bitch ass attempt to analyze the queer experience you trend wannabe ass muncher. I’ll fucking kill you

@Finfell @lis fucking stupid guess tbh

I leave pleroma for one month and no one even fucking notices? This is fucked up. This is terrible. I hate myself today and I want to fucking die. I’m so pathetic, why am I so goddamn pathetic? I just wanted to make some friends, big surprise: I couldn’t even fucking make one. I hate myself and I want to die. I might as well just leave, no one even cares about me. I might as well start fucking cutting, none of you fucking care. That’s it, I’m fucking cutting right now. I’m cutting... Fuck you...



there is nothing technically interesting about Gab, nor did they do a single thing that might have made them resistant to normal methods of shutting down an undesirable platform.

tv: *advert with big ass tiddy*idiot missing the point: "wow, I can't believe the patriarchy is doing this to women and their representation I bet I can subvert this by destroying any ounce of my femininity and cheapening myself for future partners by selling my body as a political statement"

​DvZCco6X0AcjpfJ.jpg

@augustus they shouldnt choose to be poor

@grips everything is possible when you're using Genuine Pleroma Software

@ooTodoka Pleroma User’s Guidehttps://edith.reisen/computers/misc/pleroma.html

@loli You say that but seriously every zoomer I talk to is either a nazi or a communist. There's a much smaller median of braindead NPC types. Those braindead ones are probably even still the majority but the bellcurve is so much more flat than other generations that the NPC ones are basically invisible.

@enkiv2 Thank you for sharing this link.  Bookmarked for future reference."Personal software should be personal: it should not scale or conform; it should chafe at strictures the same way you do, and burst out of any box that dare enclose it."I should put that up as a quote on the #Kestrel3 website, especially on the page/FAQ asking if it'll ever run Linux.

@wowaname I jokingly exaggerated an interest in you as a lampoon when I first joined the network bc your posts seemed mildly interesting and I (mistakingly) thought it would be a way to break the ice. It doesn’t have much meaning beyond that. Your friend nether has proven to be more interesting

@wowaname idk wtf you’re talking about

This is not compatible with my lovely life. I must be done with the fediverse... Goodnight.

@seliph imagine needing css to make a website with readable textthis post was made by the client-side styling crew

imagine needing javascript to make a website with readable textthis post was made by css crew

note to self: roll a website that's gopher protocol compatible/focused (and has a tor address) and just upload some casual personal mixes once a month

hey lall you're cool don't dwell on it

Pretty styling is not good design. Design follows goals, and the goal of a website is content delivery. There is no excuse for any site not to be comprehensibly rendered by a CLI-browser, screen reader, a limited data plan, a dumb phone’s dated web browser. Styling comes second. Styling that contributes to the goal of content delivery is good design - equally good design to an entirely unstyled (server-side) site because it already has perfect content clarity & universality.

The World Wide Web is a vehicle for information transfer. Content delivery is the primary goal of any website and standards-complaint HTML begins at perfect semantic expression, and perfect accessibility. CSS, JS, et al. can only *subtract* from ground zero HTML, or at best remain adjacent, adding content - e.g. meaning in aesthetic design; higher function navigation or organization; etc. - without damaging delivery. They *cannot* contribute to delivery, for unstyled HTML is already perfect.

Tor didn't get your post, you seem to be blocked by mastodn.social Ironic.

@saga next step: publicly list personal blocks on user’s profiles. Transparency is king

@saga public instance blocklists should be an implemented, default feature

My handlers never felt unsafe but, as a protected minority, it benefits their program if I’m taught I do

@torproject restraining feature releases behind crowdfunding goals considered harmful

They don’t actually believe it, it’s just a way to position outgroup politics as inherently wrong (toxic, harassment, etc) to justify its censorship, which also lets them position what they can’t control as toxic by association, for not participating in their censorship.

@phildobangnz lets get landlines and start faxing each other

@phildobangnz the pervasiveness of propaganda in the normiesphere is extreme. Too bad the open access provided by the internet has completely subverted their information hegemony. Generation Zyklon is real and the first to substantially reject their control (reversing the trend, not just resisting it) in centuries, which is why they’ve tried so hard to close the free internet. Information is truth is freedom.

@phildobangnz they do consume media, but exclusively propaganda media. If they read nonfiction, it’s pseudo intellectual ego stroking propaganda like Guns, Germs & Steel; Freakonomics, etc. If they read fiction, it’s dullard pulp propaganda like Harry Potter or Marvel Comics. They consume buzzfeed and adjacent outlets, NPR, the Young Turks, John Oliver; which sells their journalistic veracity or humor value on their ability to ego stroke their intelligence by mocking the outtribe.

@HYPERLINK panera

@phildobangnz millennial commies didn’t choose anything. They’re useful idiots who just followed lockstep with the state enforced ideology. Their only claim to agency is relative extremity in their youth, except this too is programmed: each generation moves further leftward. The late stage product of a long process of demoralization & cultural destabilization and instilled Marxist propaganda for a future control state.

Pleroma is currently the easiest option if you want to host a small fedi server. For this reason, it's used by many people who don't have the money to rent a 40 dollar a month dedi. If you say 'ban all pleroma instances', you are really taking away the ability of these users to run a fedi server under their own control and push them back to the big silo servers.

Mastodon weenies you’re on the wrong side of history!!

Do Pleroma instances tend towards politicization in favor of Nazis? No, they tends towards being apolitical. As a general rule, Pleroma instances are accepting and ban reluctant. In contrast, Mastodon instances tend towards politicization, banning certain political views aggressively, and the software itself is politicized. The political stance Pleroma takes is being apolitical.Pleroma isn’t full of Nazi’s, rather, Mastodon is full of commies and largely absent of the Other. Pleroma just is.

Why is Pleroma full of nazis rather than Mastodon? Are nazi’s more inclined towards technical literacy, or is the technically literate more inclined towards anti-censorship?

@squid link

@philip @SarcasmKid late stage mastodon will have built in patreon integration to monetize their bloated server costs

@hj @proxeus @tija @lain it’s harmful, bad software by a team with aggressive designs on centralized control of the fediverse. It encourages censorship by design and is heavily internally politicized. If a silicon startup tried to find a way to enter (and sterilize) the fediverse, they’d make Mastodon. And after gaining control over the network and shutting down alternatives, begin monetization.

@proxeus @hj @tija @lain who cares. Mastodon is the Twitter of the fediverse. It’s just more cancer you can ignore. That’s what’s nice about federation, if the communists want to have an authoritarian safe space, they can and it doesn’t matter. Just like 2.0 SNS don’t matter.Anyone who self-selects a mastodon instance over Pleroma is technically illiterate and their user base likely has little to contribute anyway.

@p @meowski flouride as a service

​

@bat yes.. just two.. OpenBSD, Slackware

@prydt @proxeus uncle ted was right

@HYPERLINK well don’t kill the golden goose. Either share it anonymized, steal the content and pretend it’s your own or keep your lips sealed and dump the archive when the world is ready.

@nether no I mean it is to say that. In the medieval ages, if you made it past your teens, a life expectancy of 60-80 was normal.Progress of society is a myth. The only thing that’s significantly improved health and life expectancy is innovations in urban engineering increasing hygiene practices - not anything coming from the industrial health industry, which is easily argued to be a net negative to health.

@HYPERLINK archive everything, don’t say anything. Share it when the content stream dries up.

@nether average life expectancy past early childhood was about the same as today as throughout history. The myth that people died at 30 is due to the high rate of death at childbirth and early childhood, lowering life expectancy technically - but not the life expectancy we mean in practice... This confusion was likely mainstreamed intentionally

Thankful that #systemdicks effectively eliminated distro choice anxiety

@awg more detail on cancer

@saga @wowaname link hovers can be done with CSS3...just like most of the little tricks hipster webdevs rely on bloated insecure JS frameworks for.If the modern web never supported JS and people learned to perform the same tricks with proper HTML/CSS, it wouldn’t look any different beyond the more complex novelty applet sites.That said, Wikipedia employing JS for progressive enhancement (site functions without JS; JS is just an added touch) isn’t so harmful.

@inditoot OpenBSD or Slackware. Anything else is a spookOS

@inditoot OpenBSD

New Blackboard site loads about 6mb of resources/scripts to render its front page. An MS-DOS install is 7mb

@inditoot MS DOS was fast and worked

Smartphones are dumb computers

@mik @Deiru you can use a terminal emulator (e.g. Termux) to use Linux cli apps like vim/emacs on your smartphone

Our smartphones have thousands of times the power yet struggle to perform the same core tasks an average 90s PC handled fluidly - text editing & web browsing - with no meaningful features added. Our modern PC’s can barely perform those same tasks (with mainstream - even in the Linux community - software choices).

@Shrigglepuss @proxeus @Mateo a sharp kid will take an interest in whatever’s in front of them. Linux should be presented as a personal computer, not as a PC running a hobbyist windows alternative. If they want to use their new PC toy, they can learn to use it - and they will, just like any 16 year old learned to fix up his shitbox when it broke.

@clacke @alcinnz @Shamar @scolobb @strypey @z428 @Purism @aral @ente You'd get a lot of non-professionals making the coding equivalent of geocities pages, but, y'know what? Graduates from 4 year degree programs in CS write awful code too. At least no hairball written by a non-professional will ever be as ugly and dysfunctional as your average monolithic 'enterprise' java codebase.

@clacke @alcinnz @Shamar @scolobb @strypey @z428 @Purism @aral @ente The most desirable behaviors are the ones that will never be profitable to implement, because they take some existing market & completely obviate it, collapsing the justifications for existing structures of rent-seeking. For instance, drastically lowering the barriers to software modification by non-technical users is absolutely possible & absolutely desirable but demolishes about half of software engineering.

@proxeus @Shrigglepuss @Mateo give your kids a BSD machine and the UNIX Handbook. If they want to use a computer they should learn how to use it, it’s the only way they’ll appreciate it. Same reason why your first car should be a junker you need to work on. Your kids don’t need fucking roblox.

@virtual @crushv @Cobalt maybe if you were full catholic  you would follow the lord’s teachings and help pray Sodom away too

@crushv @virtual @Cobalt they’re Protestant Christians lol

@awg fucking flouridated, fucking inhuamn fucking LABORATORY ANIMALS FUCKING CIA , fucking genetic research PURE FLOURIDE SKIN FUCK

@nether @ibrokemypie @crushv @Epsiloco @xenome @virtual @ffff @freon @essie @soka @tsu @caseyp @Olivia @heckdmca @ddmedaddy @RobbyKujo @N0THANKY0U @Temina @astheroth @che5hire @lateralyst @soobaru777 @karolat @noise @bouio @hijo @sinfulbutterfly @ihate @TadeusTaD @dune @Jamie @person @shikieiki @Celephais @eal @zTG @0xf00fc7c8 @sorenspicknall @m @rinpatch @yaoihaandz @salem @sonia @poipoipoi @coolguythatscool @helvetica @xbdf @metakaos @jackprabha @Ronin @guertanas @epicgaymerstyle @Ggjvjbh @Aota @xeno @uguu @j @xenostar @aaishuu @kloverfelt @data @aph0t1c @swacewau @Eskuero @katurian @augustinus @elle @lain @park @kaworu @toad @shmibs what the fuck... fucked up

@roka @djsumdog @sampo why is this 90% of the pleromaverse

@nether @7even @roka @cvcvcv @miya she's a Sodium monofluorophosphate trap!

@nether @cvcvcv sockpuppet detected

@cvcvcv I hope you do lines of talc and develop mesothelioma so your loved ones may be entitled to financial compensation and my users will be entitled to a fucking peaceful pleroma experience without you you fucking kook wank

@nether  retarded fucking autistic fucking NIGGER, CIA FAGGOT , keep drinking flouride water you fucking SPOOK

@virtual @desvox dumb fucking call center retard faggot FUCK YOU , fucking chinese little nigger calling the rest of your fucking CIA GOONS fucking cyber bully

unix using indaian cyber bully sounds funny as fuck rn for a nickname

@cvcvcv is a cia nigger with schizophrenia



@anthracite @nolan run for the low cost of a Patreon subscription base because the bloatware offloads the cost onto server hosts

@nolan mastodon is the VC funded silicon startup of federated software

@angristan of course it's all Gewish trickery!

@sjwThe Indian Ocean Territory (.io) was created when the Chagos Archipelago was illegally split off from Mauritius during the fall of the British Empire.Shortly after, the 3000 islanders who had been there for generations were forcibly evicted and deported to Seychelles, Mauritius and the UK. Their pets were killed and their belongings destroyed. This was all done to make way for a US military base, from which they bomb South Asia. The islanders have been prevented from returning ever since. Using .io domain names directly supports ongoing colonialism.

#introductionsHi I'm a celestial panther otherkin, definitely in the "has magical powers" department, and I mean to use my powers for good :)My mentor taught me to practice without ritual or reverence... even so I talk to spirits and consult the weave of destiny, and my willworking is as good as anybody's, so I hope I can be welcome here 💜 What's on my mind: how far can I push these powers? Times are dark, and we need a hero.I'm headed into training mode right now, so expect a lot of, like, what Goku would post between benching his trainer :DMy power level isn't over 9000... yet.

@Toromino >electron

@miya hey kizuna ai

@strypey “homebrew PC”

@lain FUCK YOU!!!

@lain fuck you

@enkiv2 is there a collection of that propaganda material online

@clacke There's known overlap between free software folks & chaos magick folks (for basically the same reason kink & furries are overrepresented in free software). Chaos magick & free software share an origin: RMS got the idea of copyleft from a jake, while chaos magick is a more serious interpretation of discordian spiritual ideas.@scolobb @strypey

@clacke Chaos magick pushed in favor of eclectic personal magickal traditions composed of the most effective pieces from other traditions, a stripped-down minimalism where only effective components were kept (making magick accessible to the poor, who have limited access to traditional ingredients of folk magic & no access to the rareified tools of the western occult tradition's boys-clubs), rapid experimentation, and free information sharing@scolobb @strypey

@enkiv2 idiotic analysis of lovecraft’s thinking. The entire takeaway is that if you reduce his dense racialist thinking to a miscegenation phobia you could make the claim he would’ve been troubled by the mixed race protagonist. It’s just a clickbait hit piece doubling as a comic book movie advertisement.

@igeljaeger @Deiru alternatively @neauoire lives off grid on a sailboat. Nomad NEETs rise up

@Deiru for Americans, you just take a semester of training, get certified and apply to join a crew

@Deiru I’ve met a couple merchant marines part-time NEETs online. They’re out at sea half the year, with most expenses covered before the paycheck, then use the next the money they earned to live shut-in, sometimes in exotic locales, for the second half

@ibrokemypie hope your day gets better quickly..!!

@nepfag @sumika the tranny is what guy?

@shit @nepfag @cvcvcv fucking Indian call center flouride nigger you are the npc boomer bots

@nepfag @cvcvcv you just couldnt understand because you are vibrating on a lower frequency from drinking all the flouride water like a nigger

@p @wizard I support freespeech, but only for cvcvcvScreen Shot 2018-12-17 at 2.05.…

@ibrokemypie sorry 😔

@rick fucking retard I wi lll try out your mom tongith,   fucking walking simulator simpsons fucking degenerate video game faggot, all video games are homosexuality turning kids gay . fucking FEMINIZED little bitch fuck you for writing that

@LanACDC what does cryptid mean

@LanACDC nu...

@Toromino @Sir_Boops what’s your setup

@Flisk please change your avatar

@nether @Flisk I love stalkers, I don’t get why everyone hates them

@prydt @satanya @epicmorphism if you main obsd I’ll be ur friend

@igeljaeger yikes

@moonman @lanodan @scarlett @p @xenome @bun he was banned for not hiding transphobia behind a trigger warning

@igeljaeger what os do you use

@moonman @lanodan @scarlett @p @xenome @bun cv*3 migrated because he was banned, not because he was blocked

@roka @xenome @acuteanniemay @lain roka is cute

@moonman @lanodan @scarlett @p you got it backwards. Folk was banned from smug loli and is now on FSE.@moonmanIf cvcvcv was on spc would you ban him?

@moonman @lanodan @scarlett @p who

@lain millenial simulacrum

@xenome even if we’re on a pl instance?

@moonman @lanodan @scarlett he was banned after trolling kawen.space into finally instance blocking FSE.

@lanodan it’s erasure of a schizophrenic poster. Removing their voice from a community sensitive to it is the community’s choice, and that’s justified, but attempting to erase all evidence of their existence isn’t.And violating various site TOS isn’t justification for censorship. It just means it doesn’t belong on those sites.

@lanodan why? I archived it for transparency reasons. In any case, I’m not an idiot, it’s backed up on various sites, e.g. https://archive.is/tSMSDTransparency and archival are healthy principles for internet communities as strong as anti-censorship in my opinion. Of course, non-harassment is a strong principle too, but I don’t believe archiving an offending user’s posts extends that harassment forwards.

@lanodan are you trying to report the cvcvcv archive lol?https://pastebin.com/gn6VbAc2

@miya @neauoire dumb little CIA bitch FUCK YOU I know you are working for the CIA you fucking NIGGER I HATE YOU fucking water filter, fucking flouridated mother fucker, you dumb faggot nigger kike jew dumb peice of shit

@neauoire wheat community are the users in your instance arriving from?

Software is designed to tune the agency of the user to a specific domain. In this case, the domain is the self and the depth therein.I hope that through research it can be found that an exocortex system can change the way that culture interacts with reality for the better.

— Eat varied foods, biodiversity in the diet means less monoculture in the fields.— Pay more for foods grown or raised less intensively and with more care, eat less.— Eat mostly plants, especially leaves. Cook, and if you can, plant a garden.— Avoid food products with more than five ingredients.— Don’t eat anything your great-great-grandmother wouldn’t recognize as food.#cheatsheet

@xenome how

@nether @igeljaeger @Alumina that’s bc you’re of the pre-zoomer generation. Zoomers don’t give a fuck about pretending to care privacy means anything

@miya @meowski @ihavebigtits May cvcvcv (peace be upon him) bless you, sirScreen Shot 2018-12-17 at 1.25.…

@meowski @miya @ihavebigtits The restoration is completeScreen Shot 2018-12-17 at 1.24.…Screen Shot 2018-12-17 at 1.24.…Screen Shot 2018-12-17 at 1.29.…Screen Shot 2018-12-17 at 1.30.…

@angedestenebres @dansup which tools?

@lev2013 @meowski @ihavebigtits I archived all of them here: https://pastebin.com/gn6VbAc2and repeated the majority of them on my timeline for preservation

Inside out dicks are valid

@meowski @ihavebigtits uh. he said an inside out dick isn’t a vagina... how isn’t that transphobic.. that’s fucked up.

cvcvcv archivehttps://pastebin.com/gn6VbAc2Let it be known that on the 16th day of our lord november anno 2018, this martyr was banned and had all posts deleted from “””freespeech”””extremist by their pudgy libertariancuck admin for getting them instance banned from kawen.space bc he made a transphobic post without a trigger warning

@virtual Canada is a fucking retarded, gay fucking country, everyone is chinese, and they don't have burger. Not even guns!  You cant shoot people as good as we do. Liitle orange flag bitch with your bitch ass fucking uhhh , fucking uhhh being up higher than the USA on the north part of the map looking little dick ass peices of shit fuck you and fuck the canada it is a shitty country and we will nuke it in 5-10 years, people don't evem beleive in your made up little country anymore

@mimorinka I socialize with people insteaed you can try it some time instead of playing with your little dick to faggot girl anime maybe you will get someone who isn't your mom or a gay nigger to kiss you

@virtual @felix dumb fucking chinese mother fucker this is how I know you aren't white , it's BELL LABS, in NEW JERSEY, get fucked faggot

@mimorinka TeeVee is degenerate and for degenerates. Watching CIA propoganda with ads trying to get you to spend fake jew money out of your spending card every 10 miniutes. I bet you even bought something from it, it's like paying a twitch streamer to say your name, I bet you fell for that, mabye both of those hahaaa

@virtual @felix NIGGER is N-I-G-G-E-R! say it right! second of all that's AT&T not bell labs you NIGGER

@Gayest Now you're using abusive language at me. I know you fucking have them. you're just manipulating me. You're an abuser . I know you typed out at least 20 cool posts and you aren't posting them just to keep them away from me!!!!! fucking jealous cunt honestly cant even handle it when somone sees it come the ufck on what are you waiting for!!!!

@lev2013 Are you an indian call center?  I already know this jew CIA kike trick, they pull this on you just to try and stop you from reaching the MASSES, I've seen it before and I wont let you fucking do it again

@Gayest You mother fucker ,  I know you have them. Fucking post them just do it faggot, just fucking do it! This is bullying. You're bullying me . Fucking cunt

@sim   I bet you just never did it enough , its like how some classes of "people" never learn how to read because they don't try, quit being such a NIGGER FUCK

@GayestYou are fucking TRASH. WHERE ARETHEPOSTSFucking nigger I bet you're holding out on me, I bet you have them all typed out and you just dont want to post them because you don't want me to see them, fuck you dude  I know you're doing it, don't htink I cant tell from how you're acting!  I bet you have it all planned out, you're going to wait for me to go to bed,  I bet you're an alt account, you're fucking disgusting It's not going to work on me if you thought it would , i'm on to you, sooner or later you have to post them, fucking do it faggot i'm waiting

@Gayest FUCK YOUone post in 20 miniutes you can do better fucking NIGGER , you fucking jew faggot, Just leaving one post, what a dumb mother fucker, I was going to keep scrolling until  I saw this,     please re-think your life , it might not be worth continuing

@sim "visual learning" is just a fucking nigger jewish psychology coping mechanisim to give people the idea that they can be better at one kind of learning because they are bad at another kind. You're just FUCKIGN STUPID   READ A BOOK NIGGER

@lev2013 @zemichi @Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @tija @Dolus @kro @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen little  bitch fuck you I bet your third eye is closed you NIGGER you're a fucking CIA JEW   FUCK YOU

@lev2013 @lynnesbian is this another one of your tranny alt accounts where you pretend to be a girl?? nice try you fucking faggot

@lev2013 @Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @tija @Dolus @kro @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @zemichi @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen There are no girls on the internet OK? Fucking rule 20 or something you nigger

@amic fucking NIGGER

@ihavebigtits @Luma your inside out dick isint a vagina you fucking tranny mother fu ker   don't pretend    I bet your "mom" has a dick too

@coy @p mother fucker great job going to your jew friends the moment someone tells you to get off that fucking medication   I bet you have a dependence on it you little degenerate drug addict nigger baby

the explosvies were planted in the buildings when they were constructed in the 70s. Then they blew it up on 9/11 with a remote control. That's how they snuck the bombs in.  Anyone who disagrees with me is a jew spreading disinfo

@creativestrider  fucking social degenerate how did 9/11 happen? faggots

@kro @Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @tija @Dolus @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @zemichi @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen sure you havfent seen it now that everyone knows what you jerk off too great fucking job hahahahaaaaa nigger

@Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @tija @Dolus @kro @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @zemichi @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen that (((girl))) looks like a fucking bug imagine how gay and gay you would have to be to actually jerk off to this shit you fucking feminized, gay mother fucker s literally jerking off to some fucking tranny bug looking pink hair peice of shit fucking degenerate little bitches

@Alumina  little bitch faggot we all know you are a gay

@miya @crushv mother fucker keep pretending to be a littl e baby   I bet you are a diaper faggot, you fucking nigger I wonder how hard you were dropped to be a little diaper baby mother fucker    clearly not hard enough  y o uare still here haahaaaaa

@aetios @crushv     I m seriously mad at stupid faggot soy  boy feminized mother fuckers have little girls as their profile pictures you tranny jew faggot why don't you jump off a bridge

@miya @crushv KILL YOURSELF are you 12  you dumb faggot? I bet you are just a nigger man pretending to be a girl you dumb little tranny mother fucker you should shoot yourself between the eyes little peice of shit fuck you

@crushv @aetios this sounds like shit and my ears hurt you fucking feminized , fucking anime profile nigger I bet you dress up like a girl you fucking NIGGER FAGGOT FUCK YOU

@shiyou stop speaking in chinese you fucking nigger tranny

@igeljaeger @lev2013 @PussySlayer @QA @Rude dumb fucking tranny faggot pretending to be a girl on line kill yourself

@igeljaeger @lev2013 @PussySlayer @QA @Rude twitter is PROPREITARY SOFTWAre you little bitch fuck you for saying  I went on twitter I n ever used any proprietary softawre in my life fuck you kike faggot nigger little peiuce of shit kill yourself

@lev2013 @PussySlayer @QA @Rude @igeljaeger  wow nice kike projection, this is just some talmudic shit I cna tell when i'm talking to a ufcking KIKE  they are inuhman and you cna stop them trying t o blend in almost immediately , how does it feel being found out? little jew nigger faggot bitch monther fucker

@PussySlayer @igeljaeger @Rude dum b bitch mother fuck er stop jerking of f  you feminized faggot bitch    I bet you havent fucked any bitches ever vrigin  I fuck bitches daily , its not even hard anymore hahahaaa

@igeljaeger @Rude    you are a fucking degenerat eretard   why haven't you killed yourself aleady?

@PussySlayer @QA @Rude @igeljaeger you're a fucking FAGGOT for watching TV cartoons made for little girls why doin't you stop jerking off your little dick and do something socially normal you degenerate ?  I hate niggers  Ifucking hate them

@QA @Rude @igeljaeger      kill your self faggot I bet you would like that ,   you are just an insecure mother fucker   and I bet your dad molesteed you    you fucking GAY    .  This is why being insulted and aroused are the same thing for you FAGGOT

@Rude @igeljaeger  dum b fake mother fuckier keep getting fucked in the ass by the kike who runs discord  I will not.... hahaha

@igeljaeger @Rude    nigger was I talking to you ?     Why don't you read up fucking dumb   faggot

@Rude @igeljaeger     listen you faggot if you think kike software like discord which is owned bu a FUCKING JEW is somehow better you are a dumb little nigger monkey black mother fucker kill yourself

@igeljaeger   ok well take a class on how to talk to peuple you sound fucking autistic   I bet you have aspergers how old is your mom? I bet she is fucking old like over 30   all autistic niggers have mom's that are old as fuck      I would still fuck your mom theough

@proxeus   look like a bunch of fake lesbian FAGGOTS     I bet they are fucking GAY hahaaaaa

@igeljaeger   dumb bitch should hve  stayed on MSDOS     command line    the GUI is for NIGGERS just like phone s which are designed for NIGGERS back when I had ocmputer it used MS DOS and it was white

@p @cvcvcv @coy Cucked bluepill admin couldn’t tell a trolling joke schizo from a Poe’s Law even if he called him a CIA nigger to his face. This is high IQ discrimination. If you don’t get it, censor it. So much for free speech. Being too dumb to understand what you’re censoring isn’t an excuse for censorship. Did the small bwain admin hwead start to hwurt? Does bwaby want his fwee market of idweas? Aww isn’t he cute?

@p @lev2013 @karen I see. Admin’s a bluepilled lolbertarian beyond salvation. You might wake up one day.

@p @karen @lev2013 quotes from uncle Adolf“Socialism is the science of dealing with the common wealth. Communism is not Socialism. Marxism is not Socialism. The Marxians have stolen the term and confused its meaning. I shall take Socialism away from the Socialists. Socialism is an ancient Aryan, Germanic institution. Our German ancestors held certain lands in common. They cultivated the idea of the common weal. Marxism has no right to disguise itself as socialism. Socialism, unlike Marxism, does not repudiate private property. Unlike Marxism, it involves no negation of personality, and unlike Marxism, it is patriotic. We might have called ourselves the Liberal Party. We chose to call ourselves the National Socialists. We are not internationalists. Our socialism is national. We demand the fulfilment of the just claims of the productive classes by the state on the basis of race solidarity. To us state and race are one.”...“At the founding of this Movement we formed the decision that we would give expression to this idea of ours of the identity of the two conceptions: despite all warnings, on the basis of what we had come to believe, on the basis of the sincerity of our will, we christened it "National Socialist.' We said to ourselves that to be 'national' means above everything to act with a boundless and all-embracing love for the people and, if necessary, even to die for it. And similarly to be 'social' means so to build up the state and the community of the people that every individual acts in the interest of the community of the people and must be to such an extent convinced of the goodness, of the honorable straightforwardness of this community of the people as to be ready to die for it.”...“Socialism as the final concept of duty, the ethical duty of work, not just for oneself but also for one’s fellow man’s sake, and above all the principle: Common good before own good, a struggle against all parasitism and especially against easy and unearned income. And we were aware that in this fight we can rely on no one but our own people. We are convinced that socialism in the right sense will only be possible in nations and races that are Aryan, and there in the first place we hope for our own people and are convinced that socialism is inseparable from nationalism.”

@p @karen @lev2013 the socialism in national socialism is not anything similar to socialism in the Marxist sense. It referred to the concept that social good was the primary goal of the state; not describing an economy with many nationalized industries, high taxes with an emphasis on state welfare and protection as a precursor to full communism. The Third Reich enjoyed a largely free market with limited state intervention in the economy (beyond the initial revolutions - mainly moving to a labor backed currency, removing themselves from a central bank, and evicting Jewish influences across the economy) except in matters that were understood to be vulnerable to promoting degeneracy - e.g. the media or vices - because degeneracy was of direct conflict with the “socialist” goal of maintaining societal health. This has nothing in common with Marxist socialism’s entirely economic (and largely class-warfare grounded) motivations for intervention.I’m very curious what your “elegant” rejection of nonsoc could have been when you seem to have a fundamental non understanding of the ideology.

@norikawa r**ey?

@Dolus it’s hot for a lot of reasons

@Dolus the existence of a male g spot isn’t some kind of proof of evolutionary selection for homosexuality. The prostate is responsible for semen release and endocrine hormone production, and happens to be located in reach via sodomy. Prostrate orgasms need to be trained, rewiring the brains sexual response cycles.Prostate stimulation is a sexual deviancy, a fetish that happens to have some biological basis (just like masochism) rather than a pure mental foundation.

Any love?

@Dolus the only scientifically sound theories for male homosexuality are (1) estrogen overdose in the fetal stage due to genetic malfunction(2) childhood sexual abuse; very common in the male homosexual community (and they are also extremely over represented in committing it, thereby achieving reproduction)(3) some kind of parasite influencing rewiring the hosts sexual neural receptors, eg toxoplasmosisThe modern epidemic is most likely some combination of all three

@Dolus why are women more bi? Im not sure the evolutionary psychology explanation. Women substantively have higher erotic plasticity. It probably has to do with the nature of female attraction being more emotional & social than physical, allowing it to be easily distorted. Male homosexuality is a product of sexual abuse and fetishization, very different from female homosexuality which is common & not usually indicative of poor mental health, history of abuse or extreme deviancy

@Dolus what I mean is I don’t think it demonstrates women are having sex to increase social status, they’re just attempting to find the best genes to have sex with - even if they don’t have any conscious intention to reproduce. Men are interested in achieving social status because it makes them more attractive partners but it’s unimportant to women. The trouble is their psychic archetypes have been distorted into imitative masculinity, which can result in that kind of woman.

@Dolus the reason women are attracted to social status is it signals reproductive fitness of their mate, resulting in better offspring. Same reason men are attracted to big hips and tits.

@meowski all months and years are the same time (30 days and 300 days). You will realize this if you didin't eat FUCKING ESTROGEN for every meal you fucking CATTLE, you have a fucked up time preception, you don't even know what's going on , I would feel sorry for you if you didn't look kind of middle eastern in your profile

@cvcvcv Months > or < 30 days are Jew Sorcery. Leap years don't even get me started.  Anunacki black magic

The fucking jew with the "CF" profile picture is a CIA handler that is targeting me with his 6 tranny alternate accounts. This is cyber bullying and mestadon is compromised enough to let it happen. Think about this if you aren't medicated like 99% of the CIA spooks on this website

#vimsquad#bsdbitches#clicrew#kbqueen

@essie what else

Spamming my profile is another CIA jewish kike psyop trick my handlers in india keep trying to use to keep me under. They have 5 jewish people on the Israel time zones and a team of 20 indians for everything else.   I am being gangstalked and the alt accounts are too many to count, they keep posting homosexual impure anime at me to try and fuck with my head, anime is flouride in the visual form and when you look at it it's like drinking tap water

@zemichi @lev2013 @Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @tija @Dolus @kro @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen nice try.... I know for a fact every fucking (((girl))) online is coming from the same call center in india , they have a giant room of dark india niggers roleplaying as girls, either that or soem fucking , some flouridated fucking medications dude who got diagnosed with something and is on the retard pills , look you guys cant fool me  I know that we didn't tell girls about computers yet!

@essie what software do you use

@tija @Othinus @roka @Umi @fence @nepfag @Dolus @rinpatch @Gargron @awg @nurgledsatorin @dokidoki @NekoiKuroko @sampo @shpuld @kfist @zemichi @kaniini @animeirl @kjv1611 @wakarimasen take your fucking corss eyed, medicated chinese little girl propganda away  you fucking yellow nigger monkey    I  know for a fact these cartoons are designed to promote homosexuality on TV    and you are too fucking floridated, mother fucker    I know you are making alternate accounts to fucking troll me with these chinese little insect faggot cartoons  and I didn't fall for it you DIDNT GET ME

@essie @soka I seeI think it’s a hot topic bc its the iconic modern example of tort lawsuit which are often considered harmful to the court system for clogging it up with frivolous “get lucky” lawsuits. Also problems like doctors pushing unneeded tests to avoid malpractice lawsuits me. I dunno if it really matters if she was right or trying to get lucky. anyway McDonald’s and no one else didn’t even bother changing the temp of their coffee, they just added warnings to avoid liability

@karen I see@p why aren’t you natsoc

@karen do you have a link to p explaining why he’s not natsoc

@karen @ihavebigtits @aetios @Luma link

@miya @TurboMoist it calicifies your penis off this is why trannies exist

@neauoire what is it

@TurboMoist water is a fucking halloucinogeon and you are dependent on it. Buy a filter RIGHT NOW and don't drink anything until it ships. You're fucking medicated, its over rigth now and your body might react badly but its just withdrawl.  fucking, the fucking gguy I forget his name he is a fucking pro flouride , he has so much in his veins he is telling other poeple to drink the flouride water even though he knows , look just buy a water filter Ok?  You are obviously too fucked to hold a conversation right now

@essie @soka how so?

@essie @soka really?

@TurboMoist @cvcvcv flouride calcifies the pineal gland

@coy @TurboMoist you dumb mother fucker he's trying to get you to drink the fucking flouride, you're fucking compromised trying to get other people on that shit you fucking NIGGER IDIOT

@Trev listen you dumb faggot you want my government ID number little bitch   why don't you kill yourself instead because  I don't use that fake credit card jew computer money you little nigger baby, you are a pitch black fucking nigger, you are a black gorilla nigger monkey hahaaaa

@PussySlayer @creativestrider no you nigger it was dark mother fuckers flying the plane wrong , it was a remote control they were all medicateed by the CIA any way. That's just th e cover story though what really happeend is pretty crazy but a degenerate jew like you probably already knows it and doesnt 'like hearing a goyim say it out like    fucking jew fuck  you

I laughed very hard

@brennan I’m working on this rn. I consider its a personalized reprogramming manual or xenomind DB. usecase: rebooting from backup on memory failure

@crushv check out his contemporaries in the nyc scene too: Steve Reich, terry riley, la monte young & john adams. Also michael nyman and louis andriessen

@cvcvcv @crushv STOP IT!!!!!!! STOP IT!!!!!

@crushv my head hurts but his head is too big!!

@telent I would suggest you using your dumb face as your avatar

@telent what’s wrong with your head you look like you have retarded

@zeat @RafiX i went to a flea market in a parking lot in the industrial district and it was filled with mexicans

@meowski @djsumdog @moonman just ban the third world. The solution to agw is neocolonialism

@zeat happy birthday!!

@scarlett liberal!!!

@thatbrickster sorry...

@heckdmca interesting.... are you short?

@miya @Othinus @wakarimasen such variability in one's gaming/anime schedule is no way for anyone to live; you must forsake the dead-end road of helping others, and if you work u lose

@phildobangnz @Othinus @wakarimasen the NEET timescale shrinks and expands in relation to delivery proximity

@miya @Othinus @wakarimasen its a sorry existence when one must accept such a faustian bargain

@phildobangnz @Othinus @wakarimasen NNET economy of attention

it’s not fucking fair.

i hate my life...

i just wish i had a girlfriend who played the same games as me....

i just wish i had anykne who cares...

im so alone...

im pathetic...

they call me a cannibal because all I eat is coochie

nobody even likes me...

ugh..i hate myself today...

wen day is sleepalway remberat least ur not a wagecuck

@lizzeboof 😯

:blobfearful:

@Dolus @lev2013 @dirb @Richmoar @Yukihiro @folk @orekix @nepfag STOP FIGHTING!!!

@Liberty4Masses @gmcgath @AtlasFreeman @billblake2018 conclusion: the war of northern aggression was a fight over state rights, not slavery except as far is it was a prime example of northern interference on southern affairs.

@lev2013 so he’s reviewing wii games? what a loser

@crushv @xenome if someone blocks u u can’t view their profile or follow them?

@teko @cdmnkyscreenshot-1544826761.png

@lev2013 why’d he change brands

@guizzy @why @shpuld i love amazon basics

@shit @guizzy @moonman ur the guy that posts Mother 2 roms in the undertale fan forum

@lev2013 what happened to him anyway? did his twitter get shoah’d

@ivesen @lain sick thx cutie

@xenome @crushv what about more subtle things likenot being able to follow them/see their profileif you were following them before you’re now not following themYou can see they’re being mentioned in a reply chain but they don’t have posts in thereEtc

@lain is there a list of instances with gopher setup

@fence yea right

@lev2013 @p r u the real cf

@lain RE: finland

@Ocean >selling gameskys

@p i live in LA though

@saga i know of sweaty balls zizek

@xenome well, i guess children would know something about being stuck in homea if they're grounded. And since masadong is a domain of bearded soy males who never matured internally, well…97e00e356eec4e3b70e11ab6b866390…

@meowski @saga @matrix my brain is my body is my rules. I can choose whatever sexuality or identity I want!!!

@saga I’m waiting for the 3DPD avatar detector extension Oh..I didn’t mean you bsdbabe... it’s just.. I..

@xenome @saga oh probably bc I’m using a mastodon app

@meowski @saga @matrix we are PEOPLE not NEURAL NETWORKS

@Are0h blocked

@emdeesee blocked

@saga ive been deeply considering instance blocking mastodon.social for clogging my global feed

@ghostlings dear sunnyI like your feed and you’re cute and probably very nice and good person Butu keep bringing everyone from mastodon social into my global feed and tbh it is not my hang.. too intense... so... i think im going to have to unfollow u...sorry....I thought I shud jsut let u know...this is goodbye..

@roka roka....not u too...

@p is it me

@HYPERLINK I see.. You always get panera, huh? Panera for breakfast option 3. Huh? You panera punk.

@HYPERLINK pls answer

@HYPERLINK where are u GOINg?

one day you wake up and thousands of people are using your free software shitposting system

@HYPERLINK brockhampton

@Ytrezar ◞₍ ˍ́˱˲ˍ̀ ₎◟

@Ytrezar pls respond

@miya @xenome digital copyright needs a huge overhaul, especially since you aren't buying a physical copy! the difference between software and other forms of digital media is that the anti-piracy measures for software are much more troublesome to crack. like i'll casually obtain film/anime/books/music, but the only thing i don't obtain is software because i'm just a bit too lazy to actually circumvent all the Shit they put in to strongarm people into paying

These folks weren't trying to predict our current future. They were trying to create a future worth living in, & we failed to make that happen.Englebart could do MOAD in 1968 because that was the available tech. It looks familiar not because it's ahead of its time but because we stopped progressing.

Engelbart, Nelson, & Kay are part of a particular tradition: trying to use computers as an extension of human cognition. Not just memory, but imagination, & other mechanisms that we don't have names for. So, they're pretty unsatisfied by the tendency for progress to go backward.

@Ytrezar kisses ur cheek

@Ytrezar please niuuu...

@Ytrezar niugger

@Ytrezar im going to say the n word

@xj9 oh I see, sorry!and thank you!!I like your feed!And I looked at the site in ur domain, very cool!!! I’m into it!!

@folk @xenome @dokidoki why are you so mad?

@TereziPyrope what is transmed

Also gamers are cancer because they’re the only people who still use and support Windows [in technically literate online communities]. Just for their epic gaming. PC gaming was a mistake.

@xenome GOG is better by virtue of being DRM-free, and not doing all the other harmful things steam does but it’s fully part of the extortion industry, by selling games. They do make it easy to share them though. Inversely, some of GOG’s releases have been found to be wrappers around cracked games lol Selling software is just monetizing piracy with illusion, dishonest marketing and the weight of state backed threat to scare ppl into it (even tho most know a lawsuit is unlikely, it works)

Finland is UK clay now

@xenome exactly. If you want money, you need to provide a valuable good or service. A game that you can find online for free is not valuable. Tbh if you wanted to make money maybe you should’ve considered an market that isn’t the techno equivalent of pity buying a $5 rose from the pregnant Mexican begging between cars at a stoplight

@xenome sure, collectors edition and that kind of thing is a model that works. People would pay if you provide a nice product.

@thatbrickster @folkStep 1: target server popular for its lax moderation policyStep 2: bait admin into performing a ban outside of the normal justified parameters (spam etc)Step 3: rumor monger to mystify the banStep 4: waitStep 5: agitate based on the rumors false premises, stir up unrest and undermine trust in server and adminStep 6: 🍿

In closing, a strong case can be made that that entitled indiebro expecting people should buy his shitty unity game - and even that they’re wrong not to - is behaving more unethically than, say, murder, for it is not only an act of extortion but also complicit in a widespread movement to strangle TWO universal human rights:Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 19: “Everyone has the right to... seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.“Article 26:“Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.”

In other words, it is a moral duty to pirate software. To share it, crack it and “steal” it. It is unethical to pay for any software, to buy your shitty games on Steam, because it funds and encourages their extortion industry, allowing it to continue and justifying the practice. It needs to be collapsed. If you buy games, you’re a tool. If you expect people to buy your games, you’re an extortionist. This is unethical for two reasons. Obviously, extortion is a wrongful generation of income, using a threat of violence (by proxy via the state) to rob people of their money, a negative value rather a positive value; but it’s also holding information hostage. Information doesn’t just want to be free, it should be free. The widespread and highly accessible access to the world’s library of knowledge is the greatest good man has ever made for himself. It is an extreme crime to do anything to impede that good.The ethical model is “Donate what you want,” not pay what you want. The only reason you would need to pay for anything is if they’re trying to extort you.

They have invented a service - not get sued - and forced you to pay for it under threat. This is no different than mafia forcing businesses to pay protection money from themselves. It’s extortion. That the extortionists might or might not be the originators of the now freely available content is irrelevant. If they need financial motivation to build a valueless product, they operate on a donation scheme, incorporate ad revenue, or find some other ethical model. Extortion is never justified.

You have never purchased a product, you have only paid for a service. Purchasing a game, for example, is (indefinite) rent for a license that gives you the legal right to access the software under the threat of being sued with the state’s enforcement. This is software released to the public such that you already have free and available access to. The only thing you’re paying for is the right to not get sued, not a product, not access to the software. This is extortion.

”Pay what you want” is complicit in harmful language too. It’s donate what you want. You’re not paying for anything.

If you think you’ve ever “purchased” any software, game, anime ost, anything, you’ve been lied to. If you ever asked someone to “buy” your shitty unity game or chiptunes album, you’re complicit in extortion.

discord combines all the stuff I hate about technology:- javascript- electron- proprietary- unreliable- spyware- bloatit's like someone designed this to fuck me up as much as possible

@Dolus @nepfag @hiroyuki @hakui @bichosan Patreon is shitty anyway bc it encourages locking content with the premium subscriber marketing model. All content should be free and freely available, the idea is providing a donation, not purchase (not to suggest a purchase of information has ever been possible), service to make that happen. Implementing a premium private function undermines its ethical platform.

@igeljaeger @thatbrickster hot

@folk @nerthos @nepfag @Ricotta @lev2013 stop fighting. It’s over. You lost. 😒

@orangesec_0 smashing olivias head in

@crushv like u

@camedei456 LIBERAL!!!!!

https://archive.fo/cUOC5 >An MMA storywriter and leftist called Ian "Rape" Kidd gets arrested for Child Porn possession SHOCKING NEWS! Leftist gets exposed is being the thing he says he's against

@kisik21 @Deiru wdym

@ivesen @virtual @wowaname I see... maybe try a LaTeX import filter? The worst part is STEM unis make you use this shit software too. I hate it

@Dolus @nepfag @hiroyuki @hakui @bichosan that’s why the systems should be made to be robust if they intend to be against the political mainstream. Take crypto, decentralize the server, remove the middle man in the service. It would’ve been easy but they intentionally designed a weak, closed source system so it could get shut down to make a point of victimization

gweentea may contain anti-androgens but it helps save you from hormone-related diseases and won't serve as an excuse for why you aren't making gainz

@ivesen @virtual @wowaname blackboard is even more trash software than MS word. It loads ~5mb of scripts & frameworks just to render the front page.

@ivesen @virtual @wowaname you can use pandoc to convert markdown files to  nicely formatted word .doc! Letting u write them in ur texteditor of choice

@virtual I didnt ask for ur directors commentary!! Just retoot the post and move on!!!!!!!

@virtual ok first of all, fucking rude

@igeljaeger @crushv no!!!!!

@igeljaeger @crushv I see

@igeljaeger @velartrill woah.. hardcore

@crushv what is fatigueposting

@nether oh i see

@nether and i’m not blocked she just won’t approve my follow request :(

@nether tell her how cool i am!!!!!!!!!

@nether ...you should tell opal to let me follow her ;-;.....

@ivesen software sucks!!!

why is it mandatory to use infuriatingly bad software

@miya o-okay

@nether have you played shuushuu nito?? Super cute!!!!!’

@382 raver izayoi sakuya

@thegibson SHIT CONTENT u fucking TECHNO B O O M E R

@Deiru @kisik21 etarded

@kisik21 @Deiru #VIMSQUAD

@kisik21 @Deiru deiruHelp! I think my 2hu fedi admin is etarded

@jg blocked

@ivesen @FloatingGhost fortnite danceI learned it it’s stuff. Dab dab

@zemichi @Azurolu is you’re reading this right now, fuck you sid!!! U loser!! LOL

@zemichi @Azurolu I used to call my girl over and hit her while live on discord voice chat to bully the white knight admin on this one incel server. Stop!! Don’t do that to her!!! Why would she date someone like you?? Stop it please!!

@zemichi @Azurolu woah..fucked up..

@nerthos @folk @Ricotta Anyone who says traps are gay gets instabanned. Smuglo policy

@miya @lev2013 @p Sorry you can't have the term Transcoder. It already means something else. If you knew gender-neutral dick about coding you would know that transcoding means decoding and re-encoding media with a different codec.

@miya @p @lev2013 @folk @xj9 Maybe your #transcoders are busy transcoding videos from MP4 into ogg format. Or AVI into MKV Stop your whining.

@miya @lev2013 @folk @meowski @xj9 I am not "about to be proven wrong" because I never took a damn side in this stupid argument.  I think you have me confused with someone else.Go look at all my posts from the beginning of friggin' time and then tell me where I've expressed an opinion opposed to the one you are currently advancing.I literally do not care about this thread.If you're one of those "either you staunchly come out in support of the party line as I view it or you are definitely in support of the enemy" peeps, then let me know, please.

@lev2013 @meowski @xj9 @folk @ItsOgre @p @xenone @crushv ok look... i am new to mastodon so I don’t really know what you people Keep talking about with untagging. I don’t understand. if i did something wrong and against mastodon norms i’m sorry. but I wish you could just explain it to me instead of attacking me and ganging up on me... this is fucked up...

@delores @kro dude... what the fuck..

@delores @kro what the fuck

@kro ok here. kinda chibishit but eh. ignore the smudged af face because im working with a mechanical pencil with barely any eraser #nsfw https://shitposter.club/attachment/2789420

@folk @p @meowski ok look. 1. Stfu 2. Stop yelling at me you #assholes 3. You think u shitheads can gang up on me just because you’re all form the same instance? 4. Think again bitch. 5. Yeah go ahead and block me I know you want to bc you’re fucking wrong. On the wrong side of history, wrong ethically and wrong even to your own mom. Asks her what she thinks abt all this #idiot. 6. You will be proven wrong I’m jsut not well versed in this specific field but im sure the #trans community of mastodon will arrive to the rescue and prove to you the many many useful projects trans folk have led and coded to completions.. @xj9 pls help me tbh...

@fursuit fuck you dude..

@p @lev2013 @folk @meowski yeah.. stfu... you’re just running away right when your about to be proven wrong...#transcoders of #mastodon help me out team... @xj9

@ibrokemypie im a girl.

@lev2013 @meowski @folk @p @crushv @xj9 shut the fuck up asshole. no one cares you’re edgy on he internet you’re just being a rude idiot.

@meowski @lev2013 @folk @p come on team!!! Let’s prove him wrong!! @crushv @xj9 any help..???

@wowaname i just liked your feed and wanted to be friends... that’s all... im sorry i made toxic jokes.... i didn’t mean it... really...

@meowski @lev2013 @folk @p stop it... nu....

@saga @ayy #obsdbitches

@saga @ayy me too!!

@meowski @lev2013 @folk @p what the fuck!What the fuck!!!!!!!!!!!

@wowaname please let me follow you.....im sorry....

@prydt super cute

Okay I'm gonna do it

@lev2013 @folk @p @meowski okay.. fuck youFUCK YOU!!!!

@lev2013 @folk @p okay.... you’re drifting away from the topic... typical #altright tactic tbh. Distraction, moving the goal posts, changing the topic bc you were abt to be proved wrong.. This asshole @meowski  claimed #trans programmers don’t code anything of worth, but we’re all proving him wrong with a list of GitHub repos of useful completed software by #transcoders! Cmon we’re not going to let the racists win this one!

@sjw @xj9 @meowski @miya @p >transitioning Be careful with your choice of vocabulary on the fediverse

@p @lev2013 @miya @meowski @xj9 @sjw ah the classic double fish hook theorydouble_fish_hook.jpg

dont pay mind to miya theyre just weird

@lain.pleroma.soykaf.com yep.. fuck youFUCK YOU!!!

@lain@plemora.soykaf.com fuck you

@sjw @meowski @xj9 @p >before he went crazyI think you mean before he became a prophet. InshallahllY02cp.png

@miya @lev2013 @meowski @p @xj9 @lain #trains

@p @meowski @xj9 @lev2013 @sjw yeah.. typical alt right #idiot. Criticizing the platform and not the content... Classic fallacy, blame by association... mastodon, plebmora. Whatever. The point is #trans people are responsible for lots of useful good innovative open source software. Obviously. So cmon we can find plenty of GitHub repos, let’s prove this #bigot wrong and start sharing them team!!!

@xj9 @meowski @lev2013 @p @sjw @lain is #trans??!!!

@xj9 @lev2013 @p @sjw LOL no trannies are to busy chopping off their genitals and taking estrogen to code anything useful

@meowski @xj9 @lev2013 @p @sjw umm. What the fuck? Dude? I’m sure we could name a hundred useful programs coded to completion by transpeople... come on mastodon!! Prove this bigot wrong!!

@ivesen is it fun

@crushv what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

@crushv what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

@ivesen whats minowa.moe!!!

@6A62 training your dom?pseudo sub metadomination. Woah..ke

@ivesen what server!!

@guizzy @hakui @lain ...you develop the sensitivity to judge the objective best thing to fulfill your specific needset (and at your budget), at which point you make your purchase and move on, only returning when you want to reinvest in a higher tier or fulfill a slightly different or more specified needset. A fine wine palette is something constant, a learned skill you keep with you as a hobby to color life; this is goal oriented research

@guizzy @hakui @lain something like wine is a bit of a different category than mechanical kbs etc. with wine (beer, coffee, etc) the goal is develop a refined (sensitive) palette to better appreciate the subjective delicacies and nuances of a good item of the thing. With doing research on quality equipment, like a good kB, monitor, headphone, razor etc...

THIS POST WAS MADE BY RAID6 GANG

@fence @hagi are 8tb drives stable

@fence @hagi 8x2TB RAID6 NAS masterrace

@Eidon you look smart!!

@hiroyuki hiroyuki... nu....

@lain @eal .............please respond togawa daddy................ im srs........

@Luma i like luma

@gamingonlinux dude. Woah

@ivesen ahhhh!!!!! i want to pet it!!!!!!!!!

@ivesen your avatar!! File size!’

@lain woah, @eal  really good idea here... check this one out

@lain idea... let me make my notifs timeline public... let me have it on my profile...u can click and see if u want... like.. why not.. u have the power... it’s just another timeline... it’s timelines all the way down...

@ivesen can I see it

@wowaname pls let me follow u im sorry for being a stupid fucking weirdo...

@lain you’re cute

@Luma I see.. hope you feel better soon... 😔

@ivesen  cute avatar!!

@saga trying to signal cultural intelligence and self development because they mistook the basic dogma that reading is productive for the mind to mean any and all reading. Their intellectual capacity is too low to engage with serious non-fiction (beyond that particular brand of vapid commercial ego stroking literature that could most aptly be dubbed “airport nonfiction”) or genuinely dense fiction works so settle on YA pulp at worst, adult pulp at best and signal away 🤷‍♀️

@saga Anti-depressants put people in a state where they're more likely to entertain ideas that they would normally reject. Basically, fluoride mind control pills are opening your mind to witchcraft. Why do you take them?

@Luma what will u do now??

@fursuit stfu...

@denidimochka ok now you’re just being rude..

I have some software,   OK so,  I clicked on your button and went to a website! But I wasn't sure if the website was propritery software. Sorry I don't know if I am allowed to go on to that website (I don't know because it might have propriterary software) sorry @hj

I cant read itwhat does it say? pleaseplease @4_0s

this post really says a lot about our society...... thanks for sharing......@archangelic

I will ask if I can   look at this after I check it with someone else okay? I am still worried hwo do I know it isnt proprietary software? @hj

look, ok i've got this situation.....@surd was wondering if you can send me a reply....

what will the up date have! pI want to know about the up date!@crushv @rinpatch @eal

this is amazing!@crushv

I found the virgin!it's here:@dirt @laser @Pixley

HI Turtule! @karkatvantas

what a story.... thank you for sharing your experiences here... @TurboMoist

thank you for sharingvery cool....@loleau

@SarcasmKid thanks I’m new here

@denidimochka this is lobbying lol

@Luma luma bean

@SarcasmKid what is cw??

@Luma thanks!!R u doin ok today Lima

@denidimochka the only way gender disphoria is getting off APA’s mental disorders is thru lobbying...

@denidimochka so some lobbying is good some is bad...

i wanna meet someone who makes me feel like this

@denidimochka lobbying is how homosexuality got taken off the APA mental illness list so um, no thank you?

@SarcasmKid proud of you

@Luma cute o.oMines red!!

@Luma what color!!!?

@essie @xenome @switchingsocial >browser having a ui>apps having icons>2018😔

@xenome @switchingsocial chromium has profiles too but idk of any other browser that do. afaik FF is sufficiently secure relative to secure by default browsers with a hardened profile (eg https://github.com/pyllyukko/user.js/) but the ones I’ve seen all break containers. probably possible to configure it to be mostly secure and keep containers, I’m not sure which setting is the one that breaks it

@guizzy I think you approach it similar to me (I also settled with Merkur razors lol) including the contrariness but there’s definitely a large middle camp of perusers who fall for the meme, which I find interesting. Also, I’ve come to believe the diminishing returns begin the moment you start lurking anywhere beyond their stickies/reddit sidebar. There’s this site wirecutter funded by NYT that has articles on the Best Thing that’s much more efficient method and presentation imo

"Tenshi Eating a Corndog" is a much discussed concept on /ck/. The significance of it is disputed, so I will focus on one core concept: the symbolism behind it. But first we must identify and explore the key components of it.Hinanawi Tenshi is a human child that has ascended to become a celestial being. In Hinduism, she would be called a Siddha or a Deva. In Chinese, it would be refered to as a Tian Xian, or heavenly immortal. In Japanese, it would be using the same kanji characters as in Chinese, being called a Tennin. She is also refered to as an angel, although the role of a heavenly messenger is better suited to her companion Nagae Iku. Regardless of which Oriental cosmology she claims the greatest influence from, Hinanawi Tenshi in Touhou: Scarlet Weather Rhapsody is presented as a roving celestial being that decides to cause mayhem out of childish boredom.A corndog on the other hand is simply a sausage coated in a thick layer of cornmeal batter on a stick. It is considered a quintessential part of the American diet, being a cheap combination between convenience and an arguably delicious meal of protein and carbohydrates. It is not a new concept by any means, but it is something that is also unmistakably modern and mundane.Thus this is why "Tenshi Eating a Corndog" is so intriguing. Why exactly is a celestial being consuming a corndog, despite having access to the Jade Wine Waterfalls and Immortal Peach Orchards of Heaven? The earthly and celestial is contrasted in an oustanding way.Thus this is why "Tenshi Eating a Corndog" is so intriguing. Why exactly is a celestial being consuming a corndog, despite having access to the Jade Wine Waterfalls and Immortal Peach Orchards of Heaven? The earthly and celestial is contrasted in an oustanding way.Take a look at the blue sky in the background and the color of her hair. In the Swami Vivekananda, the concept of infinity is considered blue. Take the air and water, for within the space of our hands, it is colorless, but in a vast quantity it is blue. Tenshi is shown to represent infinity, as she to is of the sky. As to the corndog to her, the Route 66 sign is to the sky. What of the tiny stretch of road to the vastness of the heavens? But without that land, the heavens would not be.So as it is, you see the Heavenly consume the Earthly. Not out of pleasure, as we can see from her expression, but of necessity to understand the realm she observes from up high. But we see it as something of joy, for we too know that the divine are as of us. This is perhaps a commentary of the immaturity of Tenshi Hinanwi, who still has a physical body unlike truly enlightened beings. But it could also be a commentary of the unwilligness of humans to see gods (at least the important ones) as anything but in their image and why the gods so often take human form. This is represented even in the game afterwards, Hisoutensoku (Unpercieving of Natural Law). Unlike its predecessor, Gakutensoku (Learning of Natural Law), Hisoutensoku is considered blind to it, as it from a land without logic. In the utter contrast of "Tenshi Eating a Corndog", we see through the eyes of Hisoutensoku.This is the true symbolism behind "Tenshi Eating a Corndog": That our perception is constrained by the laws that invisibly govern over us. Pierce the veil of illusion, and see why the mustard intertwines with the ketchup.

@guizzy @hakui @lain and that’s why personally I recommend the Cherry MX blue switches. The sound can’t be beat and the actuation point is perfect match for the human body. It’s no question, it’s gotta be blue for me.

@guizzy @hakui @lain if you really want to win, you gotta cultivate internal aesthetic and design ideals, develop an expansive and well formed taste, an objective personal measure that can be applied across to all things, from picking your software to your toothpaste. Most of these ideologues don’t know what they’re talking about, they’re just fantasizing consumerism and resting on bloated egos from the forum circlejerk

@guizzy @hakui @lain what seems to be product of accumulated R&D, so as a perusing lurker you can find the conclusions from those who know without actually investing in their work. You start to get bit by their bug and fall for their social dogmas, influenced by the high egos of the established reviewers. The end result, though, is you get garish, inconvenient, expensive crap. Every time.

@guizzy @hakui @lain but to inform oneself means diving into a rabbit hole of these extant microcommunities. Most don’t actually get caught in then because they are just teens, it takes a special brand of autism, insecurity, ego and patheticness (and disposable income abut not, by design, intelligence or taste) to station yourself as one of the Lords of a hobby forum, but the time investment is high, it’s satisfying to be learning from

@guizzy @hakui @lain of person - not that this is a phenomenon that doesn’t predate reddit. Most people’s interactions with these communities however are a little late teens precocious autism with their first disposable income and the desire to get the Good thing, for people who Know, to set themselves apart and above “mindless” consumers and to remove background anxiety that comes in making a known unknown “uninformed purchase”

@guizzy @hakui @lain but it also delineates the devoted, in circle of those who Know and the unlearned noobs through monetary investment more than intelligence or research/taste (which caps at a necessarily low standard relative to, say, wine) allowing anyone to reach social prominence in the micro community if they choose to dedicate themselves there as their main best. It’s a low barrier of entry that appeals to the pudgy redditor variety

@guizzy @hakui @lain the wide availability of consumer reviews and forums makes even consumer products develop communities around seemingly unimportant, minimally varieted things like shaving razors and mechanical keyboards, where people evaluate and review the detailed aspects as if it was fine wine. I think the consumerist aspect is a large motivating factor, not just becausing buying toys feels good and internet pll have disposable income

@guizzy @hakui @lain what cologne did you settle on?I like CDG’s. CDG1 is woke

@guizzy @hakui @lain no offense but... called ithttps://letsalllovela.in/notice/2503009

@FloatingGhost weird flex but ok

Yeah you could say I know my way around speedrunning. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around windows ricing. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around Actionscript for Adobe Flash. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around drones. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around 3D printers. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around a raspberry pi. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around Adobe Creative Suite. what’s up

@guizzy @hakui @lain what other phases did you have

Yeah you could say I know my way around thinkpads. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around gender politics. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around python. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around retro video game collecting. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around foreign cinema. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around arch linux. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around android theming. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around fountain pens. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around midrange headphones. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around safety razors. what’s up

Yeah you could say I know my way around mechanical keyboards. what’s up

@strypey @alcinnz @Wolf480pl "usable from a web browser" is not what i want at all. i don't want to open a web browser, ever. web is a shit tech stack.if anything, i'd like to see web crash and burn.

@feld why

@guizzy @hakui @lain mechanical keyboards

@cfm_miku_en pewdi... nu...

Trap Exclusionary Radical MTF GTFO!!!

@redlila @Deiru imo trap has a wider use as a queer identity than as a trans slur today even in the normiesphere. Online in zoomer memeland it 100% doesAnd a binary identity does not preclude identifying as a trap. It’s a sexual identity not a gender identity.Finally you can call a trap a trap without being a trap. No one cares

@phildobangnz @tija @dd86k I accept

@redlila @Deiru there’s 2 meanings of trap. One is a trans slur, the 2nd definition (that likely has its roots in the 1st) describes a separate queer identity of a homosexual cisgendered boy who tries to pass as a cis girl; not rooted in gender dysphoria, explicitly a homosexual fetish. Transfolk want to remove “trap” from the vernacular bc of its use as a slur but w/o providing an alternative (let alone getting the trap community to agree to it) it’s erasure.

imagine being part of an internet gangthis post was made by no gang gang

@phildobangnz @tija @dd86k so you were making a meaningless non sequitur? why?

@redlila @Deiru so if otokonoko translates to trap why can’t we say trap

@switchingsocial the nice thing about startpage is that it gets its results from google, so it’s (mostly) the same experience without the tracking.

@redlila @Deiru what does xe recommend instead of trap to describe traps

@switchingsocial @xenome fair enough. I would definitely recommend looking into the secure chromium alternatives or a browser like Otter Browser (which replicates Opera’s older UI), since default Firefox has many of the same privacy violations as Edge, Google Chrome etc. and these look and act like “normal” browsers out of the box.

@switchingsocial I see, I misunderstood. You’re right, though between a religious nut founder and a founder who made his trade in datamining/selling, I’d take the former. Or neither and stick with Searx.

@switchingsocial @xenome 🤷‍♀️ if you read on in the readme, the dev is obviously just saying that to get people to stop opening issues when sites break due to uMatrix operating as intended. If set to allow all first party items by default, few sites will break. Configuration is not hard:https://www.ghacks.net/2017/11/28/a-umatrix-guide-for-firefox/

@switchingsocial I see. So you’re concluding they’re problematic by association, because their site’s coverage in television media is limited to Russian news and a conspiracy show? How did you conclude that reflects their own views? It just reflects what market has chosen to cover the service.

@xenome @switchingsocial ublock origin is fine as an adblocker but uMatrix also blocks third party trackers & cookies, and is much, much more lightweight on resource usage. If you don’t care about tracking and have a beefy PC that your browser doesn’t get sluggish, it doesn’t matter

@switchingsocial Ive never heard about startpage being weird like that. Do you have more details?

@switchingsocial Iridium and Ungoogled-chromium both take the open source chromium and remove all of google’s unsolicited requests home. Ungoogled goes as far as to block all google IP addresses in the browser, (making their sites unbrowsable which forces users to install extensions with the CRX file rather than from the store - it’s harder to use for a normal person, but iridium is just like using Google Chrome without the google embedded addons)

@switchingsocial 1. Violated privacy policy by hosting a third party tracking cookie that was only removed when made public. This alone (whether rooted in malice or stupidity) is reason enough to never trust or recommend the service2. Founder Gabriel Weinberg ran the Names Database, a datamining service. That he went on to start a “privacy minded” search engine is highly suspect3. Servers hosted by Amazon which is known to cooperate extensively with CIA

@phildobangnz @tija @dd86k but it’s not etymology. etymology is the study of linguistic histories. how words evolve and their meaning over time. you’re talking about being anal about definitions, like I’m doing now. admit you’re wrong and I’m right and you can go home

@karen I’d use a pleroma 3D avatar auto blocker. 3D posters have nothing of value to say

@karen there’s an imageboard that trained a neural network to auto spoiler all 3DPD

Can you write a mrf that rejects all messages from people who have a pic of them as their profile pic

@phildobangnz @tija @dd86k it’s not etymology it’s technical standards

@ghostlings rabbit?

luminary loli

@switchingsocial (1) Switching from a known insecure application to one you falsely believe is secure is more harmful. You would be better off not making any recommendation if the only option is a false one.(2) I know, the recommendations are not difficult. uMatrix is not hard to configure or use. Hardened Firefox requires some technical know how but Iridium can be downloaded and used out of the box as if it was default chromium. Recommending Startpage or Qwant is just as easy as DDG

@ivesen cute avatar

@fence @NekoiNemo nu... alex....

@prydt whatcha reading?

i love Project Gutenberg...

@switchingsocial and Ubuntu is not remotely secure. You’re better off with OSX at that point

@switchingsocial Some out of date recommendations: DuckDuckGo is compromised. Default Firefox phones home (aka spyware). Privacy badger is slow and incomplete, and enforces a DNT header which is useless with proper hardening and worsens your fingerprint; Adblock is resource heavy and relies on a global blacklist which is inherently insecure - uMatrix provides full local control, does the job of both, is lightweight and also has a noscript function.See:https://edith.reisen/computers/security/browsers.html

@Luma /headpat there there it’ll be ok qt

All levels of gay in one picture

iOS is more secure than lineageOS android. Fact.

@cuckold

oh my god... linux is literally unwoke...

For #linuxcucks in the room... programs do one thing and do it well... pipe sinple programs together to perform complextasks ... simple algorithms better than complex ones... sometimes you might write a program to solve computation and then throw it away when you get the answer..and that’s ok...

Hello?? UNIX philosophy anyone?

When reaching a river you must cross to continue your journey you might build a raft to cross it. Once you’ve crossed that river, you discard the raft for its purpose is done. Only a fool would carry it on

have you ever heard the parable of the raft linuxcucks?

:tmks087:

the ascetic halfway on the path to enlightenment who falsely thinks he has reached it is further than the novice who just began the journey. Fact.

If u use #systemdicks Linux in 2018 u are more technically retarded than a windows user. W10 is literally more woke. (1/?)

Anyone who usss #systemdicks #gnu/retarded #linux is TECHNICALLY retarded. Fact.

If you use free or net tho... stfu..

#BSDbros raise your right hand o/ !I said put Em UP \o/!!!

@folk @loli 😔

@loli Whatever california girl, I bet yours are like 90F and you still can't do it. I'm in the northlands crushing 55F M&Ms like it's nothing.

@astheroth stfu...

If I could say all the times I remember your wordslike some kind of knife that was on my heartas a kind of curse given by the godsI wonder every time that comeswhy I could remindwhat you forgot?There is no great thing than your broken promisesThe lie of your dark eyesWhy I feel as you have never  done?There is no time to banish your words On my lost soulI still keep your broken promiseswaiting to that moment they turn realin somewhere, in somehowas a kind of prison by your fake loveas a kind of punishment by your fake wordswhy my memory is so hard with me?if my letters didn't reach youif my love didn't touch youPerhaps, could you remember themas I do?At the eternal gates of goldmy sun, moon and stars that you never wereAn illusion that never wasMy forbidden love, My forgotten oneif there would be some punishment for my past sinsit will ever be the first letter from you I receivedI know I mean nothingI know I was nothingbut if justice would exist on somewhereyou never will find... what I could give.Cursed Petals of Past Springsthose ones which  brought you to memy doom,  you never felt  those wordsand the other  ones you forgotSometimes I wonder why I was an idiota stupid kid on believing on youMy moon  isn't the yours as I know so farMy sun isn't the yours, falling star.Because your words were the lies that broke my soul in pieces which I cannot findA eternal punishment for an ageancient claim for a soul I don't have anymorebecause it was yours, as the dreams I have before.

@astheroth stfu...

@Ashen stfu...

@meowski ugh yes that’s the ticket

look at this guy

@crushv chinatown 3pm

/pm @crushv lunch saturday??

@crushv @crushv Amaroq

@loli You're being too r-selected. You need to be more team yayo and proactively make content you like the center of everyone else's attention by aggressive 2hu posting about fighting over weird gookfood.

@roka @lev2013 @Ricotta >Unironically finding chicks with dicks sexually appealing in a year of the most exceedingly high value as 2019.>Not killing yourself to avoid the fate that awaits you under the North American Caliphate.

要被拉去打ctf叻……

.

@Michcioperz can I come

computer bad

les tranvéstites de la fediverse...

@GamzeeMakara @davestridsr Wrong. MBTI has been updated for the millennial generation, didn’t you hear?D/E: Depressive or ExcitableS/N: Self-hating or NarcissistT/A: Trans or Alt-rightG/W: Gamer or Weeb💆‍♀️ ENTW master race reporting 💆‍♀️

@Michcioperz << BSD 🤷‍♀️💁‍♀️

@geordie Yep... sorry bud that’s gonna be a *block* for me..

*opens mastodon*Greetings, conversations, people arranging to play computer games, an un-CWd explicit photo of a girl in a school uniform holding her dick, this is all about normal.

wow... what's happening...

@cfm_miku_en I just WAnt a gf who pLAYS ALL THE SAME GAMES AS ME!! why is that so hard to FIND!!!????

Miku doesn't endorse any headphones because she doesn't need ears to hear everything you just said!

@nether ok!! im interested!!

@wormgums wormy.. 😦

@rigelk  creative commons is a HOODWINK that let's FOSS projects reject their license and go proprietary at will. Anyone who uses it is dishonest or STUPID. FACT.

@feld @rick_777 @rigelk  BSD/MIT are the only trylu licenses. Everything else is a FRAUD. Except GPLV3 but it's #freetarded

@wormgums wormy.... why r u doing this... stob.....

take two steps forward if your minecraf girlfriend broke up with you

@wormgums nu...wtf.. worny nu....

I love my 13 year old loli GF!

nya back, renya, purr

@SetecAstronomy @lynnesbian_ebooks @lynnesbian  do me do me!! do me!!!!!!!

my dream diary just has "tenshi eating a corndog" on every page so it's not very useful

cybernetically loli

develope loli

mecca loli

dissimulates loli

individualized loli

evasively loli

@loliword I love my CRISPR GENE modified eternal hebe pseudo loli!!!!

embryogenic loli

Speak outloud the name of KRISHNA

@lain tiling windows pleroma..!!!

@lain I like it !!!

@lain good morning bf

1 bag of m&ms gets you the full fuck n suck from me

@ffff DW SHE CRISPR GENE MODIFIED INFINO-HEBE PASSES ALL COPPER SKANNRS

@nether oh I see. that sounds very cool!! is itfast?

@nether ? an i2p website abt HRT?

@nether what is lokinet?

@nether I have a thinkpad (running obsd!! what do you run??) but im posting from the bathroom 😮😮😭

@heck @Luma  mine mine mine!!!!!!

@nether hbu??!

@nether lol

@nether

@nether hi!! I cropped my iphone in the toilet last night and now im using an itty bitty jelly it's impossible to type on!!!!

@phildobangnz @sim 😯

@sim hehehe like, not taking drugs and partying and such I guess? I prefer to speak in vagaries and weasel-words :PBut yeah, you def cool for someone who doesn't drink and do drugs!Well, I feel like it's depriving one's husband of something nice, and pretty much as low effort as it comes in terms of roleplay/fetish/whatever shit hahaAlso it is both winsome and wifesome imho

@printemps ok!! I'm miya are u new to fedi?? U have no posts im new too I joined yesterday;!!

@Luma only to you...  >///<

@heck @Luma  back off slut he's mine

kyooooooooooot__izayoi_sakuya_and_remilia_sca…__izayoi_sakuya_and_remilia_sca…

EDWARD SNOWDEN:Fortnite fans....the us govemrntment is playing “epic games” wth your privacy

@lain Hello @ida . #nsfwtensi.png

why dont we team up to kill cops more?

:aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa: :aaaaaaaaa:Screenshot from 2018-12-11 11-1…Screenshot from 2018-12-11 11-1…

thought i looked cute :) might delete later

@printemps ok then do you want to be friends?!!

@Luma @Luma yep now that's a good boy. an obedient boy. a small soft good smelling boy

i just woke up and i open this godforsaken app to hypercoochie. Good morning!

@printemps I see.. are you ok?!

@Luma huh what are the chances of there being TWO hyper cute lumabottons poking around the web?? be my pet.

Holy FUCK my hair is so fluffy, why is no one patting my head and running their fingers through my hair yet smh

@Luma is this the same luma qt as that server w Brat

@Luma is this the same luma qt from thr server w Brat

@Luma luma!!!!!!!!!!!!

@roko what happened??

@wowaname @lain a QaaS (queer as a service) instance

The trannys conspire against me. They improve my life but also make it much more awkward

@ayy why do you think there's so many trans people and autists here

old man

@fursuit nuu... dont .. 😦

🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌🐌me n the girls going to get salted

@printemps what is a strawberry trapper? 😦

@fursuit ok. Too far.

@lesbiantomie totally agree it's harmful to both groups

Trap Exclusionary Radical Ftm 😌

@fursuit pleas .. nuu.....

@hakui It's been two days.

@fursuit nuu..  don't do it.. 😟

@ghostlings 💞💖💞💖💞💓💗💖💗💖💗💖💗💖💗💗💖💗💖💓💞💞💓💞

@thegibson yep that's gonna be an unfollow for me. Fool

@lesbiantomie wtf traps are a gender identity too you can't just eliminate them because #assholes misuse their term as an insult for transpeople

who is cloud strife i still don't understand

haha she fell asleep really close and kinda fell on her lol hope her bf doesn't get any wrong impression!raymoo.jpg

@cuckold yea.. that's gonna be an unfollow for me :/

Can anyine get this "toot" "boosted" to @lain he has #got to see this

Feddy twtter is cool I guess but ping me when u federalizing anime yt reviewers

@nether @wowaname nice to meet you I'm miya!!!!

@Olivia @essie @crushv get in the bag. Punk.get in the fucki tg bag!!!!!!

@crushv @essie Alright this is a stick-up. I'm going to need you to direct me to TWO girls in this instance of a very specific type. (1) The Girl with the Biggest Tits in This Instance and (2) The Girl with the Smallest Tits in This Instance. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to destroy both of them. There is no ulterior motive, I'm just going to obliterate both of them without bias or hesitation. You have my word.

@miya I love you

@nether @wowaname I'm chill I'm chill I'm just got excited. ppl say I'm a little #weird lol >.>

@nether @wowaname sorry I'm sorry I just wanted to be friends I'm new here and wanted to be friends I like both your content streams and wanted to be friends #PLEASE dont block me I'm #SORRY

@wowaname ok?!!

@wowaname your gf.I’m you’re new girlfriend.

@lain You don’t know that How can you know that? You don’t know that, just give it a chance What could go wrong?

@wowaname so. are you and nether.. a thing :/...?

Oh you wouldn’t know my pleroma bf he goes to another instance

@lain If You Don’t Link My Homepage In Your Empty Personal Website After The Projects And Contact Links I Will Breakup With You 💕

@lain If You Don’t Unfollow Everyone And Then Follow Me And Then Follow Everyone Else Back So I Am Your First Followed I Will Break Up With You 💕

@lain If You Don’t Boost Every One Of My Toots I Will Break Up With You 💕

#introductions Taking Applications For My Pleroma eBF #rules If You Don’t Say Hi and Goodnight As Your First And Last Toot Each Day I Will Break Up With You 💕 If You Don’t Respond to My Subtoot Directed At You In 3 Minutes I Will Break Up With You 💕 If You Change Your Matching Profile Pic and Description I Will Break Up With You 💕 If I See You Mentioning A Boy From Another Instance I Will Break Up With You 💕  @lain #pythoncoders #gamers #neet #trans #transgamers #hikki

#introductions #clipositive #bsdbabes #vimsquad #kbqueen 💕 if yu are #gnutard #systemdicks #python #linuxbro #guicuck #LIBERAL GTFO bc yOU and your WHOLE instance WILL be BLOCKED!!!

@Noah_Bri Replace This With Cirno

@wowaname nu fan (‘w’

Ether Drip IV into th ThinkSlab

Ether Drip

@wowaname h qt

@crushv2f3a3432067ffc8daab67aa35a22a44…

@crushv Hi Slut

Strapped in at The Function

I'm That Tekno Hikki Bitch W. Th oBSD Pad